Master’s Diploma Thesis SILVIA ŠTULRAJTEROVÁ Brno 2023 FACULTY OF ARTS Error Analysis: Comparison of B1 and B2 Czech EFL Learners Supervisor: PhDr. Simona Kalová, Ph.D. Department of English and American Studies Programme: Upper Secondary School Teacher Education in English Language and Literature ERROR ANALYSIS: COMPARISON OF B1 AND B2 CZECH EFL LEARNERS 2 Bibliographic record Author: Silvia Štulrajterová Faculty of Arts Masaryk University Department of English and American Studies Title of Thesis: Error Analysis: Comparison of B1 and B2 Czech EFL Learners Degree Programme: Chyba! Nenalezen zdroj odkazů. Supervisor: PhDr. Simona Kalová, Ph.D. Year: 2023 Number of Pages: 176 Keywords: Error Analysis, English as a Foreign Language, Second Language Acquisition, Learner Corpus Research, Computer-aided Error Analysis ERROR ANALYSIS: COMPARISON OF B1 AND B2 CZECH EFL LEARNERS 3 Abstract This thesis focuses on developmental errors of Czech learners of EFL. Data consisting of informal emails with the length of 200-250 words were collected from 15 students at B1 level, and 19 students at B2 level of proficiency. The emails were transcribed, corrected, and error tagged by using the Louvain error taxonomy. The errors were divided into 6 domains and 25 categories, which were first analyzed within one proficiency group, and the findings were then compared. The computer-aided error analysis showed that the error domains did not change significantly with a rising proficiency level. ERROR ANALYSIS: COMPARISON OF B1 AND B2 CZECH EFL LEARNERS 5 Declaration I hereby declare that the thesis titled Error Analysis: Comparison of B1 and B2 Czech EFL Learners that I have submitted for assessment is entirely my original work, and that no part of it has been taken from the work of others unless explicitly cited and acknowl-edged within the text of my thesis. Brno April 23, 2023 ....................................... Silvia Štulrajterová ERROR ANALYSIS: COMPARISON OF B1 AND B2 CZECH EFL LEARNERS Šablona DP 3.4.1-ARTS-dipl-program-english (2022-11-10) © 2014, 2016, 2018–2021 Masarykova univerzita 7 Acknowledgements My greatest thanks goes to my supervisor, PhDr. Simona Kalová, Ph.D., for her infinite patience, kindness, and invaluable advice. I would also like to thank Kristýnka Nav-rátilová for her help with the data collection, and Kevin Gruning for helping me with the corrections and for his support from the very first paragraph. TABLE OF CONTENTS 9 Table of Contents List of Figures 11 List of Tables 12 Glossary 13 List of Appendices 14 1. Introduction 15 2. THEORETICAL FRAMEWORK 17 2.1. LEARNING A LANGUAGE ............................................................................................... 17 2.2. LEARNER LANUGAGE ..................................................................................................... 21 2.3. ANALYSING LEARNER LANGUAGE ............................................................................ 30 3. REVIEW OF LITERATURE 48 3.2. COMPUTER-AIDED ERROR ANALYSIS IN THE INTERNATIONAL CONTEXT53 4. METHODOLOGY OF COMPUTER-AIDED ERROR ANALYSIS 56 4.1. DATA COLLECTION .......................................................................................................... 57 4.2. ERROR DETECTION ......................................................................................................... 64 4.3. ERROR CLASSIFICATION ............................................................................................... 66 4.4. ERROR COUNTING............................................................................................................ 76 4.5. ERROR EXPLANATION .................................................................................................... 76 5. RESULTS 78 5.1. B1 RESULTS ........................................................................................................................ 78 5.2. B2 RESULTS ........................................................................................................................ 89 6. DISCUSSION 102 6.1. DISCUSSION OF THE RESULTS ................................................................................. 102 6.2. ANSWERING THE RESEARCH QUESTION ............................................................ 110 6.3. PEDAGOGICAL IMPLICATIONS ................................................................................. 111 6.4. LIMITATIONS OF THE STUDY ................................................................................... 112 6.5. SUGGESTIONS FOR FURTHER RESEARCH ........................................................... 113 TABLE OF CONTENTS 10 7. Conclusion 114 Bibliography 115 Appendix A: Transcribed Corpus B1 123 Appendix B: Transcribed Corpus B2 129 Appendix C: Error Domains B1 137 Appendix D: Error Domains B2 146 Appendix E: Error Categories B1 156 Appendix F: Error Categories B2 165 LIST OF FIGURES 11 List of Figures Figure 1. B1 Error Domains Figure 2. Error Distribution B1 Figure 3. Form Categories B1 Figure 4. Grammar Categories B1 Figure 5. Lexis Categories B1 Figure 6. Punctuation Categories B1 Figure 7. Lexico-grammatical Categories B1 Figure 8. Word Categories B1 Figure 9. B2 Error Domains Figure 10. Error Distribution B2 Figure 11. Form Categories B2 Figure 12. Grammar Categories B2 Figure 13. Lexis Categories B2 Figure 14. Punctuation Categories B2 Figure 15. Lexico-grammatical Categories B2 Figure 16. Word Categories B2 Figure 17. B1 and B1 Error Domains (phw) Figure 18. B1 and B2 Errors Figure 19. B1 and B2 Error Domains LIST OF TABLES 12 List of Tables Table 1. Learner and task variables Table 2. Louvain error taxonomy GLOSSARY 13 Glossary AmE - American English BrE - British English CA - Contrastive Analysis CEA - Computer-Aided Error Analysis CBLT - Content-Based Language Teaching CEFR - Common European Framework of Reference for Languages CLC - Computer Leaner Corpora CLIL - Content and Language Integrated Learning CLT - Communicative Language Teaching EA - Error Analysis EFL - English as Foreign Language EIL - English as International Language ELT - English Language Teaching FL - Foreign Language GA - General American ICLE - International Corpus of Learner English IL - Interlanguage LINDSEI - Louvain International Database of Spoken English Interlanguage NL - Native Language NS - Native Speaker NNS - Non-native Speaker RP - Received Pronunciation SL - Second Language SLA - Second Language Acquisition TEA - Traditional Error Analysis TL - Target Language LIST OF APPENDICES 14 List of Appendices Text Appendicies Appendix A: Transcribed Corpus B1 Appendix B: Transcribed Corpus B2 Appendix C: Error Domains B1 Appendix D: Error Domains B2 Appendix E: Error Categories B1 Appendix F: Error Categories B2 LIST OF APPENDICES 15 1. Introduction Language acquisition has always been an object of interest to both linguists and non-linguists. The curiosity initiated vast research in psychology, linguistics, and educa-tion. While the important question for many is how to become proficient in a language, a question that also needs to be asked in the process of language learning is what errors are being made, what causes them and how to work with them. Errors are an intrinsic part of language learning, and it is necessary to give them due attention. Oftentimes seemingly in-comprehensible, the errors become clearer upon further investigation. This is true for learners of foreign languages who try to make sense of a new language, but is equally true for their teachers, whose better understanding of errors may lead to better ways to explain and deal with the problematic areas of language. While errors are a natural occurrence while learning (and this statement far sur-passes only language learning), they are still fairly stigmatized and frowned upon. The atti-tude towards errors is a negative one, particularly in the Czech context. The troublesome status of errors was one of the reasons why this thesis focuses on errors in learner produc-tion. More particularly the thesis will deal with developmental errors of Czech learners of EFL whose level of proficiency is at B1 and B2 level. The errors of these two groups of learners will be corrected, error-tagged, and the two proficiency groups will be compared to answer the research question of this thesis, which is to find out whether or not the error domains change with a rising proficiency level, and if so, how. The paragraphs that follow outline the structure of this thesis. LIST OF APPENDICES 16 Chapter 2 will outline the theoretical framework this thesis will be working with. Firstly, it will focus on the intricacies of learning a language and describe the terminology that will be used throughout the thesis. Afterwards, it will discuss the concept of learner language and describe some of the processes that accompany language learning, and the difficulties learners may encounter that influence their language. Then, an overview of ap-proaches towards language learning will be provided to explain the computer-aided error analysis that is used to analyse learner language in this thesis. Chapter 3 reviews the computer-aided error analysis in Czech and international contexts. The Czech part focuses on the computer-aided error analysis in general, whereas the international part concentrates specifically on analyses of developmental errors of speakers whose L1 is different than Czech. The methodology of the computer-aided error analysis is discussed in Chapter 4, which consists of five subchapters that reflect the five steps that were taken to analyse the learner corpus collected for the purposes of this thesis. These include data collection, error detection, error classification, error counting, and error explanation. The results of both proficiency groups are reported separately in Chapter 5, and the analysis reflects the six error domains that the errors were divided into; form, grammar, lexis, punctuation, lexico-grammatical, and word. Chapter 6 contains the discussion of results, where the results reported in Chapter 5 are compared, and conclusions about the changing errors domains across proficiencies are made. The research question outlined above is answered, and it is followed by pedagogical implications, limitations of the study, and suggestions for further research. LIST OF APPENDICES 17 2. THEORETICAL FRAMEWORK This introductory chapter will examine the theoretical underpinnings of language learning and error analysis (EA). The subchapters in this section will first classify the nu-ances in key terms used in second language acquisition (SLA), and then move to the intri-cacies of learner language. Subsequently, it will delve into analysing learner language, namely outlining the rise and fall of EA, and exploring its revival in the form of computer-aided error analysis. These viewpoints relevant to language learning and its analysis will serve as a theoretical background for the error analysis in the following chapters. Simi-larly, it will provide interpretations for the terminology used throughout the thesis. 2.1. LEARNING A LANGUAGE 2.1.1. SECOND AND FOREIGN LANGUAGE Learning a language has always been an area of interest to both scientists and the general public. It is an experience shared among people that is frequently reduplicated with second or third language. The repetition of this process can be described as second or for-eign language learning. These terms are often used interchangeably and without precision as they both describe the acquisition that follows that of the first language; however, there are several differences between them. A second language (SL) is used in contexts where the first language of a person differs from the dominant language of a country, therefore, a learner needs the command of the dominant language in order to integrate in the given society (Lightbown, 2017, p.104). This is the case of immigrants coming into a new country with their own mother LIST OF APPENDICES 18 tongues that are not understood or spoken in the new society (e.g. Czech immigrants in Canada). Contrastingly, the term foreign language (FL) designates a language that learners do not need in their everyday life in their country but which might be beneficial for touris-tic or academic purposes such as learning English in the Czech Republic. While second language learners are immersed in the environment that uses the target language, foreign language learners are not (and if so, it is usually only for a limited period of time such as on holidays). While the differences between SL and FL exist and do play a role in the learning of a language mostly when it comes to motivation or developing implicit knowledge, “[s]econd language acquisition is not intended to contrast with foreign lan-guage acquisition” (Ellis, 1985, p. 5). Some researchers, such as Littlewood (1984, p. 2), opt to use the term second lan-guage as an umbrella term for both SL and FL in research where the aforementioned dif-ferences are not the focal point. Similarly, the term SLA is widely used in academic litera-ture to address issues concerning second as well as foreign language acquisition. Given the conventions of research, this diploma thesis will be concerned with learning and teaching of a foreign language within the field of second language acquisition. 2.1.2. LANGUAGE LEARNING AND LANGUAGE ACQUISITION Another important area in terminology which needs clarification is the difference between learning and acquisition. The proposition formulated by Stephen Krashen in the late 1970s introduced the distinction between these two notions, where one is seen as a counterpart of the other. Lightbown and Spada (2006) note that while learning occurs “through conscious attention to form and rule,” i.e. the process one can observe in LIST OF APPENDICES 19 institutionalised classrooms, acquisition happens “with no conscious attention to language form” (p. 36) and is thus typical of children acquiring their mother tongue. Furthermore, the knowledge that is acquired “initiates a speaker’s utterances and is responsible for spon-taneous language use” (Lightbown & Spada, 2006, p. 37), which leaves the knowledge that is learned to function as a Monitor to this acquired knowledge. Though this explanation seems plausible and is true to a certain extent, it has been vigorously challenged as impre-cise and insufficient on methodological grounds. One of the most disputed points in Krashen’s hypothesis are the “vagueness of the terminology” and the way of “drawing a borderline separating acquisition and learning into two discrete disciplines,” while his critics suggest the two processes may not be strictly opposing (Zafar, 2009, p. 141). While Krashen’s “anecdotal evidence” definitely offers some insight into SLA processes, it does not provide a framework or precisely de-fined conditions that would allow for reduplication and verification of his hypothesis (Gass & Selinker, 2009, p. 204). While seeing acquisition and learning as two separate systems can be beneficial, there is evidence that these two systems are not as isolated as proposed by Krashen, as is evident in the internalization of acquired knowledge. Furthermore, if the purpose of the learned knowledge was solely to monitor the production initiated by the ac-quired knowledge, it could not be used in receptive tasks, where research has proven this hypothesis wrong (as was concisely summarized in Zafar (2009, p.142)). To conclude with remarks of Gass and Selinker (2009), the function of a Monitor is present in a learner production to a certain extent (for instance in the form of self- correc-tion), however, “the theoretical notion of a Monitor and its unique association with learned knowledge” (p. 204, original emphasis) remains problematic. While Krashen’s notions LIST OF APPENDICES 20 about SLA have been disputed, there have been other attempts to draw lines between con-scious and unconscious language knowledge and usage. This dichotomy is not unique to Krashen and can be found in other concepts, such as Chomsky’s competence and perfor-mance (discussed in more detail in subchapter 2.2.6.), or implicit and explicit language competence, as will be delineated in the paragraph that follows. 2.1.3. IMPLICIT AND EXPLICIT KNOWLEDGE Since there are two ways of gaining language knowledge, it had been argued that there are also two types of this knowledge – one that is conscious and the other uncon-scious. The first one – implicit knowledge – is tacit and even learners do not have direct ac-cess to it; to use Krashen’s terminology, it is the knowledge that is acquired. Its counter-part – explicit knowledge – is conscious, available to learners to talk about (if they have the metalanguage to do so), and, again in Krashen’s terms, this is the learned knowledge that monitors the implicit knowledge in learner’s production. Ellis et al. (2009, p. 12) state that “[t]he ‘procedures’ that comprise implicit knowledge can be easily and rapidly accessed in unplanned language use. In contrast, ex-plicit knowledge exists as declarative facts that can only be accessed through the applica-tion of attentional processes.” Furthermore, Yang and Li (2012) affirm that implicit learn-ers find it easier to work with the language itself while struggling with the grammatical rules, and the explicit learners easily comprehend the theoretical notions of language but “fail to apply them to novel stimuli” (p. 1). Though both knowledges seem to be separated entities, the lines between them are rather blurry and cannot be clearly defined. Hence, LIST OF APPENDICES 21 there are parallels that can be drawn between acquisition and implicit knowledge, and learning and explicit knowledge. Similarly, while some researchers believe these systems of knowledge are separate and complement one another, others are of the opinion that they are mutually influenced because they originate from the same source, though research is still conflicted on the con-nection and separation of these two systems (Ellis et al., 2009, p. 14). To date, there are ongoing debates within SLA research as to what exactly a linguistic competence or im-plicit knowledge is (with the newest research making use of neuroimaging and neurolin-guistics), the general agreement, though, is that it is a matter of “underlying systems of lin-guistic knowledge” (Ellis & Barkhuizen, 2005, p. 5). Despite the controversy regarding its definition, it is the underlying cognitive sys-tem that manifests itself in learner language that is of interest to SLA researchers. The next paragraph will look in more depth at the notions of learner language, considering the his-torical definition of the concept, its particularities and characteristic features, elaborating on the notions of explicit and implicit learning with competence, performance, and profi-ciency. 2.2. LEARNER LANUGAGE Learner language is one of the most important concepts and the primary domain of interest in SLA, and it is also the main focus of this thesis. There are multiple interpreta-tions and viewpoints as to what learner language is, how to analyse it, and how the find-ings gained from the analysis can be used to improve language teaching and learning. The LIST OF APPENDICES 22 following paragraphs delve into these three issues respectively, providing framework for how interlanguage is treated in this thesis. 2.2.1. CONTENT AND EXPRESSION Stemming from the fact that learner language is a dynamic phenomenon that evolves differently within each learner as was outlined above, there are numerous interpre-tations of what exactly learner language is. Firstly, as Ellis and Barkhuizen (2005) state, the SLA research is split between “those that treat learner language as expression (linguis-tic form) and those that view it as content affording information about learners’ attitudes and learning behaviours” (p. 12). While one part of the research focuses on the peculiari-ties of the learner language, analyses its form, and thus focuses more on its linguistic as-pects; the other part is directed towards the mental processes behind learners’ reasoning and how the learner language came into being, focusing more on the psychological aspects of learners’ production in the target language. The analysis in this thesis is concerned with the types of errors made by learners with different proficiency levels; it will therefore look at the learner language as expression since it is concerned with the linguistic expression that the learners produce and its analysis. While viewing learner language as content that would allow for the analysis of learners’ psychological or cognitive processes would cer-tainly enrich the analysis, it is beyond the scope of this thesis. 2.2.2. INTERLANGUAGE The term learner language designates the language of those who are acquiring and learning a FL or SL. Since it is still being formed, influenced, and enriched by further learning, it is a dynamic entity. It differs both from the learner’s native language (NL) but LIST OF APPENDICES 23 also from the target language (TL) the learner is attempting to master. As it follows, these learners use the language in non-native speaker ways and make use of or avoid particular facets of language, be it lexis, grammar, or aspects of discourse. Their choices are influ-enced by a range of factors, such as mother tongue, level of proficiency, avoidance of problematic and complex structures, overgeneralizing grammatical rules, “under- and overuse of words and phrases, which together with downright errors contribute to the non-nativeness of learner productions” (Granger, 2003, p. 475). Selinker (1972) who explored the interplay between L1 and L2 in his influential ar-ticle on interlanguage (IL) stated that the learner’s mind creates “interlingual identifica-tions uniting the three linguistic systems (NL, IL, and TL) psychologically, [which] are ac-tivated in a latent psychological structure whenever an individual attempts to produce TL sentences” (p. 221), and he called this underlying cognitive system interlanguage. IL is therefore an entity that is separate and distinct from NL and TL. Describing the character-istics of learners’ language, Selinker argues that IL needs to be thought of as a middle stage between the learners’ mother tongue and the target language. In other words, the learners form their own variety of a language which bears signs of both L1 and L2 and they often mix them together in new, non-native, possibly erroneous ways. This proves that there are cognitive processes involved during the process of learning a language and that IL is a language in its own right, not necessarily aligning with either L1 or L2, and should therefore be analysed as such. LIST OF APPENDICES 24 2.2.3. FIVE CENTRAL PROCESSES There are multiple linguistic features typical of IL that are caused by the interplay of NL and TL and that manifest themselves during the learners’ production of the TL. Selinker (1972) observed numerous instances of such interaction and categorized them into five central processes: “first, language transfer; second, transfer-of-training; third, strate-gies of second-language learning; fourth, strategies of second-language communication; and fifth, overgeneralization of TL linguistic material” (p. 215, original emphasis). As is clear from this classification, the unique character of IL is built on the learners’ NL and possibly other FLs they speak. Likewise, IL is influenced by the instruction the learners re-ceive, the ways they make sense of the new language, their attitudes towards the TL, and their individual learning strategies. While it is evident that these processes do occur, they may be hard to pinpoint in particular instances of IL. To exemplify, the incorrect use of articles in the production of English by a Czech native speaker may generally be categorized as language transfer be-cause Czech, contrary to English, does not have articles. Nonetheless, in some instances such as there are a houses it could also be classified as an overgeneralization of the TL rules for the use of the indefinite article, which learners use to introduce unknown items. Selinker (1972, p. 221) admits that we cannot “always unambiguously identify which of these processes our observable data is to be attributable to”, which is also valid for other aspects of learning that will be discussed below. In subsequent research, a rather unclear methodology was often adopted in the studies in which “explanatory error taxonomies” lacked “classification criteria […], most probably because the interlingual/intralingual categorisation was intuitively carried out” LIST OF APPENDICES 25 (Thewissen, 2015, p. 43); this led to conflicting results that were difficult to reproduce, compare, and did not allow for meta-analyses of the studies. However, it should be noted while one cannot straightforwardly explain the reasons behind the errors, such as the erro-neous use of article mentioned above, the analysis of IL can help assess the progress made in language learning and help discover aspects of TL that need further attention. 2.2.4. L1 INFLUENCE As this thesis aims to analyse English of Czech learners, the following paragraph will detail the influence of a mother tongue on the production in a foreign language, which is the first one of Selinker’s five central processes. Selinker originally named this influence “language transfer” (1972, p. 215), which can be positive, i.e. helping learners with acqui-sition by drawing parallels between NL and TL because they are similar, or negative, which makes the acquisition harder because of the differences between NL and TL. Nega-tive transfer is also referred to as interference. There is general agreement among the ex-perts within SLA research that the influence of mother tongue can be either positive or negative (Brinton, 2017, p. 261), and mother tongue influence is still seen as “transfer of elements acquired (or habituated) in L1 to the target L2” (Saville-Troike, 2012, p. 37). While L1 influence may be easily recognized in some instances such as calques or false friends, this categorization is not always so straightforward (similarly to the issue concern-ing articles outlined above). Scott Jarvis described L1-influence in the TL as a “you-know-it-when-you-see-it phenomenon,” but admitted that “researchers have not seen (or even looked for) the same effects” when analysing learner language with regard to L1, leaving the category open to imprecision (2000, p. 246). LIST OF APPENDICES 26 The lack of a precise and unambiguous definition of L1-influenced errors posed considerable problems, as is discussed in more depth in section 2.3.3.3.. Even though the influence of mother tongue on the TL production may be seen as a failure on the learner’s part, Corder (1967) argued that L1-induced errors should not be perceived “as the persis-tence of old habits, but rather as signs that the learner is investigating the systems of the new language” (p. 168). The experimentation with the TL, even at the expense of inaccu-rate utterances, also shows advancement in language skills and can be a proof of learner’s progress. This, of course, does not apply if the errors are recurrent, which would turn them into fossilized parts of learner language. 2.2.5. FOSSILIZATION While IL is dynamic and develops every time a learner is exposed to the TL, there are instances when – once the process of learning stops, the problematic areas of the TL are not targeted, and IL ceases to develop – it becomes fossilized. Fossilization can occur when a language learner decides to stop progressing with the language, for example be-cause their foreign language is at a satisfactory level and meets the learner’s needs (e.g., a Czech learner who only needs English for tourist purposes does not feel the need to con-tinue with the learning once they have sufficient language skills to communicate abroad). According to Selinker (1972), these “[f]ossilizable linguistic phenomena” are linguistic items, rules and subsystems which speakers of a particular NL will tend to keep in their IL relative to a particular TL, no matter what the age of the learner or amount of explanation and instruction he receives in the TL. (p. 215) LIST OF APPENDICES 27 There are therefore some aspects of the TL that consistently pose problems to learners and which they fail to apply in correct form in their IL. The fossilization, however, does not necessarily need to be systematic and there can be recurring mistakes that learners make when focused on other aspects of their ex-pression than accuracy, for instance when they want to react promptly to a stimulus. It is common for a learner to “succeed in producing the correct target language form, but when the learner is focused on meaning […] he will ‘backslide’ towards his true interlanguage norm” (Ellis, 1985, p. 48). This is observable when comparing the TL production of the same learner; a learner who is focused on the choice of a suitable word will not use the ap-propriate grammatical form though he or she has already mastered it and had used it cor-rectly when focused solely on this task. The questions as to why and when fossilization happens, just as how to tackle it have not yet been answered with definite certainty and need further research (Odlin, 2003, p. 458). 2.2.6. COMPETENCE AND PERFORMANCE The example of fossilization from the previous paragraph aptly illustrates the dif-ference between interlanguage and learner language; while the learner’s knowledge of cor-rect grammar is stored in learner’s mind, the manifestation does not necessarily correspond to this knowledge. The opposition lies between interlanguage as a cognitive system inside of learners’ minds, and learner language which is the actual language production (Selinker, 2014, p. 229) – to phrase it differently, learner language is the manifestation of interlan-guage. While neither learners nor researchers have direct access to interlanguage, they can LIST OF APPENDICES 28 observe and assess it from the learner language. Notions such as these are not unique to Selinker. Similar dichotomy can be found in Chomskyan generative grammar, where Chom-sky distinguishes between two processes involved in language use: competence and perfor-mance. According to this theory, there is “a fundamental distinction between competence (the speaker-hearer’s knowledge of his language) and performance (the actual use of lan-guage in concrete situations)” (Chomsky, 1965, p. 4, original emphasis). In other words, the competence is the underlying structure formed in a person’s mind, while performance is the actual production of the language. As Chomsky (1965) further explains, it is the same difference as is found in de Saussure’s langue and parole. The competence-perfor-mance relation therefore works with the same notions of a cognitive structure and its mani-festation, just like Selinker’s interlanguage and learner language, and like the implicit and explicit knowledge. While the exact definitions of these concepts vary, it remains clear that competence lies at the heart of SLA research. 2.2.7. DYNAMICS OF INTERLANGUAGE To conclude on the notion of interlanguage, one should bear in mind that while Selinker’s concepts are used in the domain of SLA, Chomsky’s generative grammar con-cerns any “speaker-hearer” (1965, p. 4) notwithstanding whether they speak the NL, SL, or FL, as his hypotheses were based on the speech of children acquiring their mother tongue. This strengthens the argument Selinker (2014) made after revisiting his concept of inter-language 40 years later, where he compared it to other underlying “cognitive intersystems” like “interculture” or “interliteracies” (p. 229) that follow the same patterns. Interlanguage LIST OF APPENDICES 29 therefore adheres to paradigms that are not intrinsic to SLA and are traceable in other cog-nitive processes. This furthermore shows that analysing interlanguage can contribute not only to the knowledge of the processes of SLA, but also to the other subfields within lin-guistics, psychology, education, and cognitive science. As further research showed, languages influence one another in learners’ minds and the second or foreign language acquisition may influence learners’ native languages as well (Selinker, 2014, p. 224), creating a unique system of rules that result in an individual interlanguage. The learners create their own idiolect within the new language with their own characteristics that may vary from learner to learner. Ellis (1985, p. 124) observes that this variability depends on factors such as “age, aptitude, cognitive style, motivation, and personality.” Therefore, rather than being judged as an erroneous way of speaking that does not conform to the TL norm, interlanguage should be considered a language system in its own right, with its own rules. Its formation is a dynamic cognitive process which helps the learner to make meaningful links between what has been known and what is newly learned. Lastly, it allows for the analysis of the learning processes that constitutes the core of the SLA research. What is equally important to bear in mind when analysing learner language is that it depends on many variables and “is inherently heterogeneous” based on the circum-stances of the learners’ performance” (Ellis & Barkhuizen, 2005, p.7). Hence while there are elements of learner language that are common to a group of people (for instance Czech learners studying English), one should bear in mind the individual differences and the con-ditions that students are in at the given moment, be it physical or mental. The performance thus differs and depends on variables that are not always observable, which is why it is LIST OF APPENDICES 30 important to look at data critically and not over- nor underestimate a particular aspect of IL. It is interesting to note here that both CA and EA were reproached for doing so – one for overestimating the L1 influence and the other for overestimating errors in general, re-spectively. Therefore, careful attention must be paid when drawing conclusions and take this individualisation into consideration when generalising the outcomes of data analysis. 2.3. ANALYSING LEARNER LANGUAGE Learner language is a multifaceted entity, therefore, there are multiple ways to ana-lyse and assess it. What it means to know a language is not an invariable but rather a con-vention, indicating that this criterion has been changing over time, according to the general trends of SLA. Up until the 19th century, knowing a language meant mastering grammati-cal structures and being able to translate texts from other languages, most prominently from Latin. Consequently, the most popular method of the era was the Grammar Transla-tion method. Throughout the 20th century, language learning and teaching was undergoing multiple changes under “the methods era” (Richard & Rodgers, 2015, p. 14), where each method proposed and defended a different way to reach proficiency and was based on dif-ferent theories of language and learning. The following subchapters will focus on how the notions of language learning and language proficiency changed in the 20th century, explor-ing two perspectives that are key for the creation of EA.1 Both of these perspectives con-sist of a linguistic and a psychological component, generally being classified as (1) 1 SLA was undergoing numerous other changes over the last century and was influenced by more than just the two currents outlined in this chapter. They are not, however, of key importance to the evolution of the EA, which is why there were omitted in the following description. LIST OF APPENDICES 31 structuralism and behaviourism, and (2) generativism and cognitivism (Brown, 2014, p. 14), which is how they will be discussed now. 2.3.1. STRUCTURALISM AND BEHAVIOURISM The perception of language learning in the 1940s and 1950s was largely influenced by structuralism and behaviourism. As a consequence, language acquisition was newly pri-marily viewed as habit formation, in stark opposition to the then-prominent grammar-translation method. B. F. Skinner, one of the most outstanding behaviourists of the era, de-fined the teaching process as one where “[a] student is ‘taught’ in the sense that he is in-duced to engage in new forms of behavior and in specific forms upon specific occasions” (1958, p. 970). Since behaviour was seen as the key component of language acquisition, any erroneous usage of language was to be avoided as it could lead to a bad habit for-mation. As the students had already had a particular language behaviour in their mother tongue, the main source of errors was thought to be their L1. This approach led to exten-sive comparisons of languages that was believed to show all the problematic areas for learners and could help them in the acquisition process that came to be known as contras-tive analysis (CA). Robert Lado (1957), like many other linguists of the era, was of the idea that “[w]e can predict what the trouble will be if we know the pattern of the native language” (p. 14). Students were thus encouraged to only (re)produce correct utterances of the target language, as can be observed from the teaching methods implemented in the au-diolingual method (ALM). The ALM also used the structuralist approach to language to teach “structural patterns” with the help of “repetitive drills” (Brown, 2007, p. 23), which LIST OF APPENDICES 32 are still used to some extent in pedagogical approaches today but are no longer perceived as the only appropriate way to learn a language. Over the time, the approach in question came to be criticized for not inciting stu-dents’ “innate and creative abilities to derive and make explicit the underlying grammati-cal rules of the language” (Richards & Rogers, 2014, p.73). Though the CA did explore the problematic areas and helped with “predicting problem areas in L2 acquisition,” it was “blamed for overemphasizing L1-L2 differences” (Lesniewska & Pichette, 2018, p. 2). The CA fell short of explaining the errors in the students’ interlanguage that were not caused by interference (such as developmental errors that FL learners share with children acquir-ing their mother tongue), because it overestimated the role of L1 in learner language. It did not account for the errors the learners made despite the fact that the CA did not predict them, or it deemed such areas unproblematic. With behaviourism and CA not being able to explain learners’ problems that did not fit the framework, the research turned to new meth-ods and approaches. 2.3.2. GENERATIVISM AND COGNITIVISM The aforementioned criticism swayed the SLA research and English Language Teaching (ELT) practice towards generative and cognitive perspectives of language learn-ing. The need to go deeper than just surface level in learning a language gave way to cog-nitivism, which “described human learning as a meaningful process of relating (associat-ing) new events or items to already existing cognitive structure” (Ausubel, as cited in Brown, 2014, p. 83). The understanding of a newly learned language and the act of making sense of it was deemed more important than just mimicking the desired behaviour. Being LIST OF APPENDICES 33 aware of the difficulties such analysis entails, the research in SLA nonetheless turned to the examination of cognitive structures and the improvement of the learners’ capacities in this respect. Similar changes are reflected in the rise of generativism in linguistics, with the rise of Noam Chomsky’s perspective on language. Chomsky believed that research in linguis-tic and the analysis of the observable utterances will shed more light on the structures that are evolving and have already evolved in human minds (Harris, 1993, p. 58). According to Chomsky, these structures are innate and common to all human beings, and they allow children in the process of language acquisition to adopt correct forms and avoid the incor-rect ones (Saville-Troike, 2012, pp. 48-52). Chomsky believed that every person is born with a Language Acquisition Device, meaning the acquisition of a mother tongue by chil-dren consist of choosing the forms appropriate for this language. This implies that there exists Universal Grammar that shares aspects of all languages. While the innateness of any grammatical structures is debatable, it is without doubt that Chomsky has been a highly in-fluential scholar with impacts on various fields of research, including SLA. In sum, SLA research in the 1960s was characterized by the prominence of cogni-tive processes in language learning, and was heavily influenced by Chomskyan Transfor-mational-Generative Grammar.It is, therefore, understandable that the perception of errors was bound to change as well. Since CA could not explain the errors that occurred unless they were L1-related and did not predict those that were occurring in learner language, er-rors sparked further interest and began to be regarded as sources of valuable information of the learners’ language. LIST OF APPENDICES 34 The observable behaviour began to be analysed with the purpose of explaining learners’ underlying cognitive structures. This change was marked by Corder’s article The Significance of Learners’ Errors (1967), which is “widely regarded as the founding mani-festo of SLA studies” (Atkinson, 2012, p. 218). Corder argued that students should not be discouraged from making errors, but rather that the errors they make should serve as prompts for their further learning, as they uncover the truly problematic areas – as opposed to the issues proposed by CA. It was argued that errors contained valuable information for learners, SLA researchers and ELT practitioners, and they became considered “not as ‘bad habits’ to be eradicated, but as sources of insight into the learning processes” (Saville-Troike 2012, p. 41). These arguments culminated in the creation of error analysis. As the main objective of this thesis are error analysis and the insights it provides on learner lan-guage, the following section will give a more detailed account of this approach to language learning, its strong points and drawbacks, and will explain the terminology used through-out the analysis. 2.3.3. ERROR ANALYSIS Conceived as a reaction to the deficiencies of CA of the 1960s, error analysis that came to the fore in the 1970s resolved to take into consideration all errors, not only those related to the learners’ mother tongues. EA thus “aims to compare the TL to the actual per-formance to see what systematic error patterns emerge” (Thao, 2020, p. 105). Instead of presupposing the errors, it analyses the actual errors occurring naturally in learner produc-tion and uses them to assess learners’ progress and the way they make sense of the TL, hence providing itself useful to both teachers in classroom settings and researchers LIST OF APPENDICES 35 working in the field of SLA. Delving deeper into learners’ errors produced multiple cate-gorizations of errors like Selinker’s (1972) five central processes, Georges’s (1972) redun-dancy, presentation, and interference (cited in James, 2013, pp. 12-13), Richards’s (1974) interference, intra-lingual and developmental errors, and many others. On the one hand, EA was seen as more progressive than CA in its time, particularly because it acknowledged other than L1-influenced errors. On the other hand, it still had numerous limitations, one of the first being the very key concept of error. While it may seem rather unproblematic as it is frequently used in the ELT practice and is backed by multiple methodologies, many of the EA critics regard errors as a rather fuzzy concept with various problematic aspects. The following section will elaborate on some of the nu-ances in classifying errors, namely the distinction between error and mistake, and the issue of what the norm is and means in the contemporary ELT. 2.3.3.1. ERRORS AND MISTAKES Firstly, it is important to note that there are multiple types of incorrect usages of language that do not always have the same significance for analysing learner language, and that do not always fall into the same category of error. The most substantial distinction in erroneous utterances is that between error and mistake; while errors are systematic and caused by learners’ inadequate competence, mistakes are unsystematic and, rather, a mat-ter of performance (Corder, 1967, p. 166). Mistakes can be caused by learners’ inattentive-ness or other psychological factors, and they are similar to mistakes native speakers make in their mother tongue; moreover, mistakes can be and often are corrected by the speakers themselves (Brown, 2014, p. 249). ELT practitioners are familiar with such instances, for example when students correct themselves immediately in speaking exercises, aware that LIST OF APPENDICES 36 an erroneous utterance slipped. Errors, on the contrary, expose learners’ lack of compe-tence and insufficient knowledge of the TL. To exemplify, learners do not immediately correct themselves, but stutter, attempt to produce the correct utterance, but end up choos-ing a wrong word. Stemming from this distinction, it follows that while mistakes can pro-vide some insight into learners’ mental state like nervousness or tiredness, or can prove the presence of the Monitor (e.g. when a wrong utterance that slips and is immediately cor-rected), they are not seen as significant in EA. Errors, which the SLA research put in the foreground, are important because they point out deficiencies in the mastery of a certain competence. While the differences between errors and mistakes can be subtle, Brown (2014) ar-gues that “[t]eachers are remarkably accurate in quickly determining the difference be-tween [them]” (p. 254). There are, however, some instances where the delineation is not quite clear; for example, if learners misspell a word, they may not have mastered the or-thography of that word yet, or it might just be a typo that can be disregarded as a mistake. Mistakes, deemed as utterances that are not mastered on the performance level only, are generally not considered in the EA, as such analyses focus solely on systematic errors that reveal the faulty competence. Similarly, the analysis in this thesis will not take mistakes into account. In addition, Jain (1974) further divides the category of errors into systematic and asystematic errors. Asystematic errors show that the learners have not yet mastered the given part of the TL, however, the patterns of making these errors are not clearcut and sys-tematic. As an example, Jain mentions the use of articles that the students have mastered to a certain degree, but the extensive exceptions and the variability in their use became too LIST OF APPENDICES 37 confusing; at this point, it was uneconomical for the learners to try to learn and comply with grammatical rules. Asystematic errors are thus an instance of fossilization when learners’ IL ceases to develop. From the EA perspective, it is difficult to determine the rea-son for such errors as they are not any “rules for the occurrence of errors in the learner’s performance data” (Jain, 1974, p. 204). They are nonetheless still valuable sources of in-formation on where potential fossilization might occur and what areas of language should be targeted in further learning. All things considered, while the term error is methodologically problematical and may be rather blurry at times, its definitions have been developing over time, responding to the criticism, and tackling most reservations that were brought up. One such definition proposed by Lennon (1991, p. 182) characterizes error as “[a] linguistic form or combina-tion of forms which, in the same context and under similar conditions of production, would, in all likelihood, not be produced by the speakers’ native speaker counterparts”. This will thus be the definition of an error this thesis will be working with. 2.3.3.2. COVERT AND OVERT ERRORS After having defined what an error is and is not, this subchapter will detail further classification of errors into overt and covert ones. This division was introduced by Corder (1971, p. 60), who argued that there were three types of utterances in the learner produc-tion: “superficially deviant; superficially well-formed and appropriate in the context; and superficially well-formed but inappropriate.” While the “superficially well-formed and ap-propriate in the context” category represents the correct utterances that align with the LIST OF APPENDICES 38 target language norm2, the “superficially well-formed but inappropriate” only formally aligns with the norm and is, in fact, erroneous when considered in a broader context (Corder, 1971, p. 60). This can be a correctly formed word that exists in the TL but is not used correctly in the sentence, for instance “we lived in a hotel” instead of “we stayed in a hotel” when students are talking about their holiday. These types of errors are called covert errors. The last category represents obvious errors; words that are formally flawed and are not utterances that are acceptable in the given TL norm, such as misspellings or made-up words. In order to conduct a thorough error analysis and to explore the problematic aspects of the TL, it is necessary to “include not only formal ('overt') error but also 'covert' error involving well-formed language that was semantically or stylistically inappropriate” (Len-non, 1991, p. 181). While it is important for students to master the formal aspects of the TL, it is just as important for them to learn how to use this formally mastered language fit-tingly, and EA should reflect both of these aspects of learner language and pay it due atten-tion. This distinction was taken into account in the error detection and the analysis counted with both overt and covert errors. 2.3.3.3. LOCAL AND GLOBAL ERRORS The last categorization of errors detailed in this chapter will be that between local and global errors. Originally proposed by Burt and Kiparsky (1974), this distinction affects the overall understandability of the utterance. While local errors are incorrect utterances, they are still understandable by the receiver of the message in the sense intended by the 2 This issue will be detailed more closely in subchapter 2.3.3.4. LIST OF APPENDICES 39 sender. This usually includes double negatives (“he didn’t do nothing”), incorrect use of articles (“we went to beach”), or the wrong use of possessive pronouns (“your on holi-day”). Contrarily to local errors, global errors do affect the intelligibility of the message the sender is trying to communicate and can cause confusion. As Al-Khresheh (2016, p. 52) puts it, “global errors might hinder communication by preventing understanding of the intended meaning.” One such example can be the use of the past simple tense “the train left when we came” instead of the past perfect “the train had left when we came”, but also the use of a wrong article like “can I get the apple?” instead of “can I get an apple?”. While there are debates about which type of errors should be given more attention (cf. Ellis, 2013, p. 4), they are beyond the scope of this thesis. It is, nonetheless, important to note that both local and global errors offer a different outlook on the learner language. This categorization of errors is different from the Louvain error taxonomy that is used in this thesis, it would be interesting to see if there is any overlap between these two systems of error division and to see which error categories tend to be more local and which global. This, however, would need to be the subject of further research. 2.3.3.4. PREFERRED ELT MODEL When determining whether or not an utterance is erroneous, researchers may come across the problem of how to determine the correctness of an utterance. One of the sources of issues in this respect are geographical variants of English; as there are multiple distinct varieties of English that usually serve as the model in ELT (British, American, Canadian, and many others), it becomes problematic to assess the students’ production based on a norm when there are, in fact, multiple norms. For instance, issues may arise when as-sessing American spelling of a word in a European school where British English (BrE) is LIST OF APPENDICES 40 the favoured model. Furthermore, if the students are not consistently using one regional variety, it might be difficult to choose the English that should be seen as the dominant one and therefore perceived as the norm so that the misspelled words could be assessed as er-rors. While some may argue that these are asystematic errors that need to be addressed, others decide to disregard them in the present-day era of the new Englishes given the rise of English as an International Language (EIL). As a result of colonialism, English is now widely spoken around the world in coun-tries with different cultural traditions and linguistic backgrounds. Consequently, as the English in the given area had been exposed to different influences and used in different contexts, it became a distinct variant. EIL reflects this multifaceted character of English, “rejects the idea of any particular variety being selected as a lingua franca for international communication,” and promotes the variability in English as a language that is used in “in-tercultural communication” (Sharifian, 2009, p. 2, original emphasis). Moreover, as the communicative situations between two non-native speakers of English occur more fre-quently, the attempts to get as close to the standard native variety are fading. While the changing status of English has been explored since Kachru’s (1990) discussion of Inner, Outer, and Expanding Circles of English and has become a prominent topic in linguistics up until today, the question of norm is still lingering in ELT practice. Modiano (2009, p. 59) aptly summarizes this issue in contemporary European ELT as follows: “[t]here is a lack of consensus as to how English should be taught and learned, and certainly less agree-ment over which educational norm is best suited to represent English in the new era.” The notion of the norm does not only involve grammar and lexis but is also an is-sue in pronunciation. While there have been attempts to address the notion of norm in LIST OF APPENDICES 41 pronunciation in the changing status of English, research shows that Received Pronuncia-tion (RP) and General American (GA) remain the most prominent varieties in European education (Jakšič and Šturm, 2017, pp. 354-355). The differences in the perception of Eng-lish by the Outer and Expanding Circle (detailed in James, 2013, pp. 39-41) and their par-ticular attitudes to variations make the status of norm even more problematic – this issue, however, is beyond the scope of this thesis. The disputes about what a norm is are common to the countries in the Inner Circle as well. The concerns about “good English” are not unique to present-day era. Even Amer-ican English (AmE), which is today perceived as a separate variety of English that serves as a model to learners of English as Foreign Language (EFL) used to be perceived as a degradation to the British standards (cf. Schneider, 2007). One such example could be the placement of a preposition at the end of a sentence, which used to be seen as an error and a proof of someone’s “bad English”. Hence, when Lightbown and Spada (2017) define the norm that EFL learners should aspire to as “the adult grammar of a native speaker” (p. 249), it is fairly difficult to imagine a fixed and unambiguous language norm. While the native speaker norm remains problematic North (2000) states that “there is at present no better alternative and workable norm against which to detect learner errors” (cited in Thewissen, 2015, p. 65). All things considered, with the changing prescriptive and descrip-tive norms of multiple Englishes all over the world, the definition of the norm for EFL learners becomes rather difficult to delineate. Since the errors analysed in this thesis are made by Czech learners, their production will be compared to the norm of Standard British English and Standard American English, as these two are the most prominent variants in Czech ELT and they are also used the most LIST OF APPENDICES 42 frequently as the norm in classrooms. Furthermore, given the status of the norm in the con-text of contemporary ELT, this thesis will not perceive mixing of BrE and AmE as errors and will consider these as correct variations of the same word. 2.3.3.5. REJECTION OF ERROR ANALYSIS While EA was seen as more progressive than CA in its time, particularly because it acknowledged other than L1-influenced errors, it still had numerous limitations as ex-plored in more depth in the two sections above. Brown (2014) summarizes that EA is “placing too much attention on errors,” putting “overemphasis on production data,” and “fails to account for the strategy of avoidance (p. 250-251, original emphasis). James (2013) also mentions EA’s “poor statistical inference, the subjectivity of its interpretations of errors, and its lack of any predictive power” (p. 17). In the instances when an error can be put into multiple categories, the categorization is left to the judgement of the particular researcher, meaning that a certain amount of subjectivity is inevitable in EA. This makes it difficult to repeat the same research in order to compare the results. As Ellis (1985) pointed out, the differences in research design and the subsequent discrepancy in results concerning interference errors varied “from as low as 3% (Dulay & Burt, 1973) to as high as 51% (Tran, 1975)” (cited in Lesniewska & Pichette, 2018, p. 3). On the other hand, Dušková (1969), in her research analysing the sources of errors in 50 written texts, states that the errors that were difficult to categorize “did not exceed 4 per cent of all the errors examined” (p. 14). This being said, a certain degree of subjectivity in-volved in EA can be caused by methodological differences, making the results vary de-pending on the person conducting the research. LIST OF APPENDICES 43 Moreover, since EA works with the assumption that learners are supposed to get close to any of the native-like variants, it is understandable that, when communicative ap-proach with the rise of Communicative Language Teaching (CLT) and Content-Based Language Teaching (CBLT) in the 1980s began to be of more importance in ELT, the need to address errors in students’ production started to fade; the opinion on “feedback on error” was that it “should be minimized because these practices would not improve students’ learning and might even harm it by reducing motivation, especially in oral interaction” (Lightbown, 2017, p.112). The inability to provide a holistic image of the learner’s lan-guage and the difficulties of replicating the same studies to confirm the results were among the reasons why EA waned from the mainstream SLA research. All things considered, EA was methodologically challenged and subsequently abandoned in favour of new ap-proaches towards language learning. 2.3.3.6. COMPUTER-AIDED ERROR ANALYSIS Despite its limitations and waning popularity, EA did not disappear completely. An important factor in the rebirth of EA was the rise of corpus linguistics. Corpus linguistics is “a linguistic methodology which is founded on the use of electronic collections of natu-rally occurring texts, viz. corpora” (Granger, 2002 p. 4). The software tools in the corpora allow linguists to analyse the texts based on numerous criteria and describe the language in ways that were not viable before. The crucial point in the revival of analysing errors came with Dagneaux et al. (1998) and their seminal article which proposed an enhanced version of EA which combined traditional error analysis (TEA) with method utilised in corpus lin-guistics. LIST OF APPENDICES 44 While the first area of interest in corpus linguistics was native varieties of English, the SLA research quickly followed, resulting in the creation of computer learner corpora (CLC). The CLCs are “systematic collections of authentic, continuous and contextualized language use (spoken or written) by L2 learners, stored in electronic format” (Callies & Götz, 2015, p. 3). Some of the most prominent features of CLCs are contextualization of the language and its computerized format; these two facets distinguish it from the data col-lected for the purposes of TEA, which was criticised for their absence. As it follows, the base of all research in error analysis that uses corpus linguistics is learner language gath-ered in CLC, and the method used in analysing this type of data is known as Computer-aided Error Analysis (CEA). Given that there were multiple limitations to the traditional error analysis (as detailed in chapter 2.3.3.5.), CEA addressed and them and proposed vari-ous adjustments that make the analysis of learner language more precise and relevant; these will be detailed in the following paragraphs. In her description of the CEA Granger (2002, p. 13) states that one of its highlights is that “errors are presented in the full context of the text, alongside non-erroneous forms.” CEA therefore does not focus solely on the erroneous forms, but rather creates a holistic picture of learner language by taking into consideration what the learners do correctly. Moreover, it can also draw conclusions from the ratio of wrong to right utterances in order to determine the problematic areas of a language, as is done in the obligatory occasion analysis (cf. Thewissen, 2015, pp. 45-48). Similarly, CEA can account for omission, avoidance, underuse, or overuse in learner language by analysing “frequencies of words or phrases in a native and non-native corpus of similar writing” (Dagneaux et al., 1998, p. 171). As Granger (1994, p. 27) aptly pointed out, it is such infelicities in frequencies that LIST OF APPENDICES 45 contribute to the “foreign-soundingness of advanced learners”. The comparison of frequen-cies is another innovation of the CEA that would be overly complicated in the TEA. Another difference between the TEA and the CEA is the description of learner lan-guage. While TEA was criticised for providing “a static picture of L2 learning” (Dagneaux et al. 1998, p. 164), CEA makes longitudinal and pseudolongitudinal analyses feasible. Pseudolongitudinal research is different from longitudinal research as it does not work with learner language of the same participants over a certain period of time; rather than that, “samples of learner language are collected from groups of learners of different profi-ciency levels at a single point in time” (Ellis & Barkhuizen, 2005, p. 97). While longitudi-nal research is still a rather rare occurrence, Thewissen (2015, p. 20) argues that pseudo-longitudinal research is just as credible and can shed light on the development of learner language. The development of learner language with rising proficiency, or the different challenges of learners from various linguistic backgrounds can shed light on and help with language learning which is the main objective of SLA research. This type of study is now-adays particularly prominent for exploring discriminating factors in language proficiency, thus helping with language testing (Thewissen, 2015, pp. 83-88). Lastly, researchers in the TEA studies used their own error classifications, which made the research difficult to duplicate and the results almost impossible to compare. When introducing the method of CEA, Dagneaux et al. (1998) suggested a standardised er-ror-tagging system that makes the studies comparable and the results of multiple analyses more transparent. Thewissen (2015) provides an overview of the 69 CEAs conducted up to the date of her publication. She concludes that while 51% of the researchers still prefer to create their own systems for the data analysis, the Louvain taxonomy seems to be fairly LIST OF APPENDICES 46 popular, being used in 29% of the research in CEA (p. 69). While it is understandable that researchers design their own error categorisations to best suit the needs of their research, a unified error-tagging system creates possibilities for better inter-study comparison and brings about opportunities for further research. Moreover, the researchers doing TEAs were required to collect the data themselves, which often limited the size of the sample; contrarily, the CEA allows for analyses of bigger samples. With the addition of a standard-ised error-tagging system, the CEA brings the possibility to draw conclusions about the learner language in general, and subsequently change the perception of learner language and of language learning. For the reasons listed above, the Louvain taxonomy will be used in this master thesis. As far as the role of corpora in SLA, the research in learner corpora is a promising area of research with fruitful results leading to a deeper understanding of language acquisi-tion. As Meunier notes, “the corpus is viewed as a source of inspiration to formulate hy-potheses about language” (2021, p. 29). The amount of data accessible in a corpus and the possibilities of exploring learner language with different variables offer new ways of un-derstanding learner language. While analyses of quantitative aspects of learner language are insightful, Granger (1994, p. 27) rightly argues that “such qualitative data should not be regarded as an end in itself but as a means to an end, i.e. as a springboard for a qualita-tive investigation”. Qualitative analysis can be used to optimise other aspects of foreign language learning, such as assessing proficiency, (Götz, 2015, p. 198), or creating study materials (Gráf, 2015, p. 18). The popularity of learner corpus research can be seen from the numerous learner corpora like Longman Learners Corpus, Cambridge Learner Corpus, International Corpus LIST OF APPENDICES 47 of Learner English (ICLE) or LINDSEI. While the aforementioned corpora are multilin-gual, i.e. collecting data from learners coming from various linguistic backgrounds, there are monolingual corpora as well; these include for instance Japanese Learner English Cor-pus, but also Norwegian Andrespråkskorpus or Corpus Escrito del Español L2. In conclusion, the use of corpora in language learning, be it a corpus of native speaker or a learner corpus, has numerous benefits and can improve language learning in multiple respects. Furthermore, making use of the modern technologies to analyse large amounts of learner data can shed light on parts of learner language that were too difficult to analyse up until now. The next chapter will concentrate on the research that has been conducted within the CEA so far, in both Czech and international contexts. LIST OF APPENDICES 48 3. REVIEW OF LITERATURE With the previous chapter detailing the theoretical underpinnings of the research in the CEA, it is now important to outline the tradition of CEA both in Czech and interna-tional contexts. The first subchapter will review selected Czech academic journals and concentrate on the Czech CEA studies similar to the one conducted in this thesis. Such studies are important as they offer the opportunity to compare the results of this thesis. The second subchapter will briefly outline the international CEA research. 3.1. COMPUTER-AIDED ERROR ANALYSIS IN THE CZECH CONTEXT In order to review the CEA research conducted in the Czech context, five promi-nent Czech educational journals were reviewed: e-Pedagogium, Orbis Scholae, Pedagog-ická orientace, Pedagogika and Studia pedagogica. Each of these journals was reviewed for articles related to CEA over the period of five years between 2018 and 2022. The search revealed that not much attention has been paid to the CEA in the Czech context, as only one study (Kalová, 2018) was found. In her article, Kalová (2018) starts by describing the issues that entail the process of defining an error and continues to outline the contemporary debate of the norm in Czech and international EFL classrooms. She then proceeds to detail various views on and ap-proaches to the norm in teaching EFL in Czech education system and focuses on the work with errors at Czech schools (or, more precisely, the lack thereof). Errors are still not widely viewed as opportunities for learning, but rather as proofs of learners’ lack of knowledge that should be avoided. She further discusses the particularities of giving cor-rective feedback and concludes with its implications for ELT practice. The lack of work LIST OF APPENDICES 49 with error and of corrective feedback in Czech schools is one of the possible explanations as to why TEA or CEA are not popular topics in the mainstream didactics. The fact that no other study was found in the aforementioned journals only stresses Kalová’s (2018) point that errors have been a neglected part of language teaching in Czech EFL teaching. For further research of the topic, Scopus database was searched for other articles on Czech CEA with the same parameters (i.e. contributions published between 2018 and 2022, including). One other study was found, in which Gráf and Huang compared errors of Taiwanese and Czech students at B2 and C1 level. The combination of Taiwanese and Czech students aimed to make the sample more general, bringing the possibility to make more universal conclusions about the English of EFL students. The analysis was conducted on samples of spoken language retrieved from the Louvain International Database of Spo-ken English Interlanguage – LINDSEI. Gráf and Huang’s (2022) main focus are the parts of IL that allow to discriminate between B2 and C1 level. The study shows that C1 stu-dents make significantly fewer errors, and the individual errors are also less recurring and could thus be possibly classified as performance errors rather than competence errors. The majority of errors at both proficiency levels concern grammar, more particularly “tenses and determiners, [and] especially articles” (Gráf & Huang, 2022, p. 152). An important conclusion of their research is that articles remain a problematic area of grammar for learn-ers whose L1 does not have an equivalent grammatical system, as was the case of the learners in their study. Furthermore, both Kalová and Gráf analysed errors in learner language in their dis-sertations which will be discussed below. The main aim of Kalová’s (2020) dissertation was to explore the accuracy of advanced EFL learners. Her research consisted of a LIST OF APPENDICES 50 semester-long intervention where students focused on accuracy. The course was designed to target the error-prone areas the learners chose themselves. Their progress and improve-ment were assessed by grammaticality judgement tests and certainty-based marking at the end of the semester, and their spoken and written production was further examined using CEA. While the pilot experimental group showed significant progress in the post-test which can arguably be the positive result of the intervention, such results were unfortu-nately not as clear with the subsequent experimental group. Concluding on the particulari-ties of the learner language, she observes that “[l]exical errors affecting single words and phrases, and errors in the use of articles were identified as the most problematic areas of advanced Czech and Slovak learners of English” (Kalová, 2020, p. 112). The study con-tributes to the CEA of Czech learner language by the examination of an error-tagged learner corpus using the Louvain error taxonomy. A comparison of the results is not possi-ble as the students in Kalová’s (2020) dissertation were at C1 level according to CEFR, whereas the students in this thesis are at B1 and B2 levels. However, there is a possibility of conducting a pseudo-longitudinal study analysing the development of learner language at all three levels. Gráf’s (2015) dissertation focuses solely on the analysis of spoken learner language and examines the dynamics between accuracy and fluency in advanced learners of EFL. The database collected for the purposes contains 125,000 words and it also represents the Czech part of the Louvain International Database of Spoken English Interlanguage (LINDSEI) corpus. For the analysis of this corpus, he uses the Louvain error-tagging sys-tem. Upon observing the relationship between accuracy and fluency, Gráf (2015) states that there seems to be no apparent correlation between the two aspects of learner language LIST OF APPENDICES 51 (p. 154), and he then continues to describe the most problematic areas which were “articles and verb tenses” (Gráf, 2015, p. 161). Since the research focuses on advanced learner lan-guage and on its spoken form, the results are not directly comparable to the results pre-sented in this thesis. It may nonetheless be interesting to see if there are any recurring par-allels or patterns persisting across proficiency levels, notwithstanding the oral or written form. The last dissertation addressing error analysis in the Czech context was written by Tůma (2012). The study in question focused on the improvement of learners’ communica-tive competence in their written production. To do so, Tůma (2012) analysed computerised learner corpus of Czech EFL learners that consisted of submissions to two discussion fo-rums. The forums were designed as a part of a university foreign-language course taken by 18 students who were not majoring in English, and whose proficiency was assessed as A2 according to CEFR. While the post-test showed that the students’ communicative compe-tence did improve, the corpus analysis, which used the Louvain error tagging taxonomy, showed their accuracy did not (Tůma, 2012, p. 159). The lack of improvement might have been caused by the different nature of the two tasks, which required different language to be employed. It is, however, worth noticing that the decrease in accuracy in this study af-fected “morphological errors in the area of tenses” (Tůma, 2012, p. 163). In line with Gráf’s (2015) observations, tenses can thus be deemed one of the most problematic areas for Czech learners. The fact that tenses and articles pose problems to Czech learners is not new and the observations of similar type were already made by the traditional error analysis, particu-larly in a study conducted by Dušková (1969). This analysis has been widely cited in both LIST OF APPENDICES 52 Czech and international studies (e.g. Ellis, 2008; Gráf, 2015; Thewissen, 2015), and while it concerns TEA more than CEA, it is nonetheless crucial to discuss it within the field of Czech error analysis. Dušková (1969) examined 3 types of writings of 50 postgraduate stu-dents and paid considerable attention to L1-influenced errors (though not only); this is un-derstandable as her study brings together the theoretical frameworks of CA and EA. After a detailed analysis of errors she concludes that even though developmental errors should not be neglected, the most error-prone area for the learners in her analysis is “a category nonexistent in the mother tongue” (Dušková, 1969, p. 29). Her findings were confirmed by the studies that followed hers, as was demonstrated in this chapter. The research focused on errors of Czech learners consistently shows that these students struggle with articles and tenses; in other words, with the aspects of language that do not have an equivalent in their NL. It can therefore be expected that the corpus analysed in this thesis will show similar results. The variety of works presented in this chapter shows that CEA is a multifaceted area of research that explores learner language and provides valuable insights into foreign language learning and teaching. While CEA does not attract overwhelming attention in the Czech context, it nonetheless sparks some interest as can be seen from the dissertations mentioned above, but also from a number of master’s theses (cf. Gajdošová, 2017; Hulvová, 2017; Matusevich, 2016). Errors and the insights their analysis can provide are invaluable to future teachers and the ways they are approached and treated are an integral part of ELT and of learning in general. While CEA is not as prominent in the area of SLA research in the Czech Republic, the trend is quite different in other countries. The LIST OF APPENDICES 53 following subchapter will focus on this area of research at the international level, which is more extensive and popular. 3.2. COMPUTER-AIDED ERROR ANALYSIS IN THE INTERNATIONAL CONTEXT So far, the chapter has focused on the error analysis in the Czech context. The fol-lowing section will discuss the computer-aided error analyses outside the Czech Republic. As the main objective of this thesis is to find developmental patterns in errors made by learners at different proficiency levels, this section will particularly focus on papers that analysed the development of learner language across proficiencies. Scopus and ProQuest databases and the search engine Google Scholar were consulted when searching for inter-national studies with similar focus. Unfortunately, only two relevant research papers were found. The results they reported will now be discussed. The first research that was found was done by Thewissen (2013) described the sample of learner language taken from ICLE, which consisted of 232 essays of learners whose native languages were French, German, and Spanish. The level of proficiency in the research ranged from B1- to C2, however, as this thesis is concerned with B1 and B2 lev-els of proficiency, this overview will solely concentrate on these two proficiency groups. The errors were classified into 45 categories and the developmental patterns consisted of “a strong, a weak, and a non-progressive pattern” (Thewissen, 2013, p. 83). Thewissen (2013) reported that “the number of errors [is] steadily and significantly decreasing as pro-ficiency increases,” and that “progress is strongest between B1 and B2” (p. 84). Further-more, it was noticed that “lexis […] progressed most strongly from the intermediate to the LIST OF APPENDICES 54 advanced levels” (Thewissen, 2013, p. 85). A finding that also aligns with the CEFR dis-crimination criteria for the B1 and B2 (CEFR: Learning, Teaching, Assessment, 2018, p. 174) states that “the number of incomprehensible sentences (SU) significantly de-crease[d]” (Thewissen, 2013, p. 86). Another aspect of language that was discussed con-cerned articles, and the research showed that “[w]hile such errors remain in the learner data, they show a sharp reduction between B1 and B2” (Thewissen, 2013, p. 88). In con-trast to the findings reviewed so far, the last developmental pattern included instances where the number of errors rose with proficiency; in other words, the B2 learners made more errors than the B1 learners. This mostly affected punctuation and the syntactic fea-tures, as there was an observable “confusion between a punctuation marker and a conjunc-tion of coordination or vice versa” (Thewissen, 2013, p. 88). According to Thewissen (2013), this phenomenon can either explained as either “regression” or can be the result of “increasing complexity” (p. 88). While there are tendencies to view waning in accuracy as negative, Thewissen (2013) concludes that this should not be the case, as they “may in fact at time be the result of growing L2 capacities” (p. 96). In the second paper, reviewed in this chapter, Mariko (2007) analysed a corpus of spoken and written language of Japanese learners whose proficiency ranged from “mid-novice” to “advanced” (p. 118). The written sample of learner language, which will be the only one reviewed here, contained “narrative composition,” which was subsequently error tagged. She reports that accuracy in “prepositions related to verb” and “articles” was sub-stantially increased (Mariko, 2007, p. 122). However, some level of fluctuation can also be observed; similarly to Thewissen (2013, p. 88), Mariko (2007) notes that this can be the result of a higher risk-taking on the side of students and their “attempt[s] to use more of LIST OF APPENDICES 55 the varied grammar points and vocabulary” (p. 123). As the proficiency scale used by Mariko (2007) is different from the one proposed by CEFR, which is the scale this thesis is working with, it is hard to determine whether and how exactly the proficiency levels over-lap. For instance, Mariko (2007, p. 118) divides the intermediate level into five subcatego-ries: low, low-plus, mid, mid-plus, and high. The different labelling of proficiency renders the comparison with this thesis difficult. The results reported in this thesis will therefore be solely compared to the overall proficiency trends that were found in Mariko’s (2007) pa-per. LIST OF APPENDICES 56 4. METHODOLOGY OF COMPUTER-AIDED ERROR ANALYSIS The methodology of error analysis has been firmly established since the traditional error analysis and there is a general consensus as to the steps that need to be taken to ana-lyze learner language in this way. According to a definition provided by Ellis (1985, p. 296), error analysis “involves collecting samples of learner language, identifying the errors in the sample, describing these errors, classifying them according to their hypothesized causes, and evaluating their seriousness”. Thewissen (2015, pp. 73-74) proposes five steps of error analysis that are adjusted to match its computerized version: 1. Data collection 2. Error detection 3. Error classification 4. Error counting 5. Error explanation These steps reflect the process of the TEA as described by Corder (1974, cited in Ellis, 2008, p. 46). However, Thewissen (2015) also takes into consideration the changes error analysis has gone through since Corder and adjusts the framework to the purposes of the CEA; this is why her framework will be used to analyze the data in this thesis. The sub-chapters below are thus organized according to the aforementioned steps proposed by Thewissen and each section will describe the individual steps in more detail. LIST OF APPENDICES 57 4.1. DATA COLLECTION The samples collected for the purposes of this thesis were elicited clinically, which means they represent learners’ free production of interlanguage without previously im-posed constraints (i.e. explicitly asking students to use particular language). This aligns with Ellis and Barkhuizen’s description of this elicitation form, as “learners are primarily concerned with message conveyance, need to utilize their own linguistic resources to con-struct utterances, and are focused on achieving some non-linguistic outcome” (2005, p. 23). Such an approach can also be viewed in opposition to experimental eliciting of learner language which expects the learners to make use of particular language that is the main in-terest of the further interlanguage analysis. Since the main aim of gathering learner language for this thesis is to investigate and better understand the learners’ competence, it would be ideal to collect naturally oc-curring learner language. This type of data, however, is rather difficult to obtain, record, and gather in sufficient amount to provide a representative corpus with matching or com-parable learner variables. For these reasons, clinical elicitation was chosen as an option that would best suit the purpose of this paper. Ellis and Barkhuizen (2005, p. 30) further differentiate between two types of clinically elicited samples: general and focused. This difference, similar to that between naturally occurring and experimentally elicited data, recognizes samples that are concerned respectively with either a general production of learner language or with a specific type of language knowledge that was previously set out. When analyzing and comparing errors, it is important to bear in mind both learner and task variables, as these heavily influence the learners’ production. Granger et al. LIST OF APPENDICES 58 (2020, pp. 54-55) summarize task and learner variables that were taken into consideration during the compilation of International Corpus of Learner English (ICLE). Given that this corpus works with large amount of data, these variables are of great importance as they al-low researchers to compare learner languages that only differ in one variable, making the results more relevant and valid. Granger et al.’s (2020) publication is the third version of a manual that aims to help researchers error tag corpora. The section below will thus use Granger et al.’s (2020) framework to define the task and learner variables of the data ana-lyzed in this thesis; it will firstly specify the task variables, which were the same for both groups of learners, and then continue to describe the learner variables in more detail. 4.1.1. RESEARCH TASK CHARACTERISTICS The task both groups of students were assigned was to write an informal email to a friend about their last holiday. As this research is based on a comparison of data, it is im-portant that the genre and the topic of the assignment remain the same in order to allow for comparability of the results. Using the same topic and the same genre should result in the use of similar grammar and lexis such as occurrence of informal and slang expressions or more frequent use of verbs than would be found in the descriptions of people etc. While these measures contribute to the uniformity of the sample, they do not, however, account for the individual differences in the learner production. Ellis (1985, p. 75) similarly states that there have been difficulties to “reconcile the inherent variability of the learner’s per-formance with claims that interlanguage is systematic, and how to account for non-system-atic variability”. LIST OF APPENDICES 59 While previous intervention, instructions, and conditions the assignment was writ-ten in were identical for all students, their interlanguage might not have been affected the same way and there is still space for individual differences. In the case of first-year stu-dents, the writing was a final assignment after having covered the conventions of informal email writing. In the case of third-year students, the writing represented preparation for the school-leaving exam, maturita, with the students being reminded of the conventions of this genre in the lesson preceding the assignment. In both cases, the task represented an examination that was graded and counted to-wards the students’ final grade from this subject. This was a timed task and students had one 45-minute-long lesson to write their email. However, as instructions and answering questions regarding learner variables took five minutes, students had 40 minutes to write the text. The texts were written on paper, under monitored conditions, in class, and stu-dents were not allowed to use reference tools such as monolingual or bilingual dictionar-ies, be it their paper or electronic form. All these measures were taken in order to assure as much authenticity of learner production as possible, as writing the emails in an electronic form would allow the students to use spellchecks and other software that could influence their outcome. The required word limit for both groups was 200-250 words. In order to have samples of comparable sizes, texts that did not comply with the word count were not taken into consideration and were not analyzed, as they might have skewed the statistics. This, unfortunately, represented 18 of the 53 collected samples of texts. LIST OF APPENDICES 60 4.1.2. PARTICIPANT CHARACTERISTICS The samples of the learner language were collected at a secondary school in one of the major cities in the Czech Republic. The secondary school specializes in information and communications technologies and programming and uses content and language inte-grated learning (CLIL) approach in some of its courses. Possibly because of the specializa-tion of the school, the majority of its students are male, which also translated into the learner variables regarding gender in both of the examined groups. The two groups of stu-dents whose writing is analyzed in this thesis were in their first and third years of studies. Throughout the thesis, the group of students in their first year will be referred to as group 1 and the more advanced group of third-year students as group 2. Unfortunately, students in their first year do not have to pass entrance exams in English as part of their enrolment requirement; it is therefore difficult to assess the actual level of their English. Moreover, there are various individual differences among these learners which make it difficult to assign them a uniform CEFR level, and these differ-ences are also represented in the error statistics detailed below. Based on the CEFR self-assessment grid, students at the B1 level are able to “write simple connected text on topics which are familiar or of personal interest” and “can write personal letters describing expe-riences and impressions” (CEFR self-assessment grid, 2023). Judging from the sample of the first group, it can be said that the students succeeded in writing a simple letter/email where they described their holiday experience. As for the second, more advanced group, it can be said that their language was richer and more comprehensive than the texts of the first group. Moreover, the students were more likely to provide their opinion on the events they described. The CEFR self-assessment grid (2023) also reflects this change in learner LIST OF APPENDICES 61 language and describes the writing of a B2 learner as a “clear, detailed text on a wide range of subjects related to [a student’s] interests” with “highlighting the personal signifi-cance of events and experiences.” However, as was mentioned above, there is some variability in learner language given individual differences in learner writing. Furthermore, even experts in language as-sessment agree that labelling a learner with “one overall CEFR level such as a ‘B1-per-son’” would mean “ignoring the complexity of learners and their emergent proficiencies” (Harsch, 2014, p. 158). While the differences between various CEFR levels are not clear-cut and some students may not clearly fit into one or the other category, the CEFR level does provide a certain unifying element to the learner language collected in each of the samples and allows to differentiate between them. For this reason, the texts of first-year students will be referred to as B1 level sample and the texts of third-year students as B2 level sample. Learner variables of both groups will be detailed now, starting with the first-year students and continuing with the third-year students. Each of the students was asked to provide additional information regarding their linguistic background, i.e. other languages they speak, self-report their level (with the options of beginner, intermediate, and ad-vanced) in these languages, how long they have been learning them, and whether they have spent more than two weeks in an English-speaking country. The students in the first group were 15-16 years old at the time of the data collec-tion. There were two students who were not of Czech origin (one Armenian and one Ukrainian). As their language production might have been influenced by their mother tongue that is different from Czech, their texts were not analyzed. These students have also LIST OF APPENDICES 62 been learning German, Russian and Spanish: eight of them were beginners in German, two were intermediate in German, two students reported being beginners in Spanish, two were beginners in Russian and one was advanced in Russian. The students have spent on aver-age 6.5 years learning English and none of them spent more than two weeks abroad in an English-speaking. The students in the second group were 17-18 years old at the time of the data col-lection. All of them are of Czech origin, with Czech as their native language. At the time of the data collection, none of the students spent more than 2 weeks abroad in an English-speaking country for other purposes than holidays. As for the other spoken languages, Ger-man was the most popular second language with 14 students learning it: 12 of the students self-reported being beginners and two of them intermediate. Four students were learning Russian, and one student was learning Spanish. Since the level of the other languages stu-dents have been learning is lower than their level of English, their influence on the stu-dents’ English can be considered negligible. The average amount of time spent by learning English was nine years. At the time of the data collection, none of the students spent more than two weeks abroad in an English-speaking country for other than touristic purposes. The table below summarizes the task and learner variables of both groups of students. Table 1. Learner and task variables VARIABLE GROUP 1 GROUP 2 NUMBER OF STUDENTS 15 19 NATIVE LANGUAGE Czech Czech COUNTRY OF ORIGIN Czech Republic Czech Republic LIST OF APPENDICES 63 GENDER 15 males 17 males, 2 females AGE 15-16 17-18 AN AVERAGE OF YEARS SPENT LEARNING ENGLISH 6.5 9 OTHER FOREIGN LAN-GUAGES German (10) Russian (3) Spanish (2) German (14 students), Russian (4 students), Spanish (1 student) TASK LENGTH 200-250 words 200-250 words CONDITIONS Timed, 40 minutes, supervised Timed, 40 minutes, supervised REFERENCE TOOLS Not allowed Not allowed TASK TYPE Examination Examination As the emails were written on paper, the first step after the collection of the sample was to scan and transcribe them into electronic format. The transcriptions are available in Appendices 1 and 2. The samples were quite intelligible and in cases of lacking clarity the texts were consulted with the students’ English teacher to ensure the transcribed version corresponds the handwritten original. The handwritten samples were compared to the digi-talized MS Word document, which was checked for potential typos or divergences from the original. Each of the students was assigned a number and the electronic samples are LIST OF APPENDICES 64 fully anonymized, and the names they ended their letters with were deleted from the sam-ple. 4.2. ERROR DETECTION The transcribed texts were subsequently thoroughly read, and errors were detected and corrected. The corrections were done in accordance with the minimum intervention rule (cf. Štindlová & Čurdová, 2015, p. 195), which argues that the corrections need to as stay faithful to the original version written by students as possible while also complying with the norm of the target language. This step proved to be problematic in some cases, as the meaning that needed to be reconstructed correctly in the TL was not clear from the original sentence, as will be discussed more thoroughly in the following chapter. The errors were detected by two assessors. First, the corpus was analyzed by the author of this thesis who is a native speaker of Slovak. She has been studying in the Czech Republic for seven years and has been teaching English to Czech speakers for five years. Given the proximity of the Slovak and Czech languages and the fact that the errors Czechs and Slovaks make in English are very similar, this part of error detection can be classified as error detection by a native speaker (NS) of the language with high proficiency in Eng-lish. As for the author’s proficiency in English, her undergraduate degree included a lan-guage test in English at C2 level. The detection of errors by nonnative speakers (NNS) of English is, nonetheless, problematic as they “do not all share the same intuitions and they themselves also make er-rors” (Thewissen, 2015, p. 65). However, the utterances that are deemed erroneous by the native speakers of English are often “correct or largely” acceptable while other utterances, LIST OF APPENDICES 65 which are, in fact, incorrect, are overlooked (Thewissen, 2015, p. 65). For this reason, the texts were also inspected for errors by a native speaker of American English. As Dagneaux et al. (1998, p. 165) argue, “[a] bilingual team heightens the quality of error correction.” Furthermore, as was explained above, the analysis of errors is to an extent inevitably sub-jective, and the agreement of two examiners may diminish some of the subjectivity. Fur-thermore, Ellis (2008) argues that native and nonnative speakers take different stances to-wards errors and their gravity; he states that while “NS judges appear to be more con-cerned with the effect that an error has on their comprehension, […] NNS judges are more influenced by their ideas of what constitute the ‘basic’ rules of the target language” (p. 57). By having the data scrutinized by both a native and a nonnative speaker of English, both aspects of language that Ellis (2008, p. 57) mentions were considered in the error detec-tion. Another problem that arises in the process of error detection is the gravity of an er-ror; Ellis and Barkhuizen (2008, p. 59) differentiate between “absolute errors” and “dispre-ferred forms”. In some cases during the analysis of the corpus, it was difficult to draw a firm line between an expression that was only dispreffered and one that was already an ab-solute error. As the dispreference is often subjective and can vary from researcher to re-searcher (as was, in fact, the case in our team), only absolute errors were taken into consid-eration, which is also the step that Ellis and Barkhuizen (2008, p. 59) recommend. In sum, the texts were firstly evaluated by the nonnative speaker, and then analyzed again in cooperation with a university-educated native speaker of American English, the errors were discussed, and the corrections were agreed on by both parties. In the instances where the consensus was lacking, Cambridge Grammar of English (2006) was consulted. LIST OF APPENDICES 66 Such cases of ambiguity and their classification are the main focus of the following chap-ter. For the reasons detailed in subchapter 2.3.3.4., the norms the texts were compared against were both Standard British English and Standard American English. In some cases, the correction of errors proved to be problematic. As Ellis (1994, p. 57) notes, “the reconstruction of the target language version – and, therefore, its descrip-tion – is problematic”. This stems from ambiguous meaning of an utterance that is caused by a given error. He further states that while the errors may be consulted with the learners later, they do not necessarily need to have an explanation, and if they do, it does not need to be the correct one: “Reliance on the learner as an informant has been criticized on the grounds that retrospective accounts of intended meaning are often not reliable” (Ellis, 1994, p. 54). In other words, it is possible that learners will not know what was meant by the erroneous utterance, which is why the controversial clauses were not discussed with the students. This further influences the next steps of error analysis, like the explanation of errors. While such ambiguous errors do in some way affect the accuracy of the results, they also underline the importance of analyzing learner errors as it can provide insights into language learning and may be of great help for teachers. Once the errors were detected and corrected, they needed to be classified; this process is the main focus of the following section. 4.3. ERROR CLASSIFICATION The process of error classification in CEA consists of assigning tags to the previ-ously indicated errors. For the reasons explained earlier in subchapter 2.3.3.6., the Louvain taxonomy of errors was chosen. As the data collected were not as extensive as for instance LIST OF APPENDICES 67 the ICLE (the corpus in this thesis consists of 8,029 words), not all of the domains and cat-egories were used. The taxonomy was adjusted to the purposes of this research and re-flected the errors made in the assembled corpus. Overall, the taxonomy consisted of 6 error domains and 25 categories that are listed together with their codes, or error tags, in alpha-betical order in the following table: Table 2. Louvain error taxonomy ERROR DOMAIN ERROR CATEGORY FORM F AGGLUTINATION FA MORPHOLOGY FM SPELLING FS GRAMMAR G ARTICLE GA ADJECTIVES GADJ DETERMINERS OTHER THAN ARTICLES GD NOUN GN POSSESSIVES GP VERB GV LEXIS L PHRASE LP WORD LW PUNCTUATION P MISSING PM REDUNDANT PR LIST OF APPENDICES 68 WRONG W WORD W WORD MISSING WM WORD ORDER WO PHRASE MISSING WPM PHRASE REDUNDANT WPR WORD REDUNDANT WR LEXICO- GRAMMATICAL X ADJECTIVE XADJ ADVERB XADV NOUN XN VERB XV The data of the two proficiency groups were analyzed separately. Firstly, the errors were put into for error domains and then into error categories in a separate document. All four documents can be found in Appendices 3-6. The documents of error domains and er-ror categories were afterwards compared to ensure the numbers of error domains matched. At times, the more detailed analysis of the error led to a change of the error domain; this change was also later adjusted in the error domain file. The domains and their respective categories will now be explained in more detail. LIST OF APPENDICES 69 4.3.1. FORM As its name suggests, this domain of errors focuses on the words whose form is de-viant from the norm. It is further divided into three categories: agglutination, morphology, and spelling. The category of agglutination concerns words that combine two morphemes, that are usually found separately, into one lexical item. This was the case of the word “onboard” in the sentence “When we got onboard I was so happy.” While the verb “onboard” does exist, its meaning is different from the one the student intended. This in-stance was viewed as an agglutinated form of the phrase “on board” and tagged as (FA). Errors in parts of speech were marked as errors morphology with the error tag (FM). This category represents expressions that had a correct root of the word but were formed with an incorrect suffix or prefix. This resulted in using a part of speech different from the intended, which was decided on from the context. This included errors such as the word “fly” in the sentence “The fly took about 3 hours,” where the student was apparently talking about his “flight”. Similarly, it was the case of using the adjective “graphic” in-stead of the noun “graphics”. Lastly, as spelling errors were tagged misspellings of words such as “diferent” in-stead of “different” or “beutiful” instead of “beautiful” and tagged as (FS). While the cases above seem like a plausible and even common misspelling error, it does not always need to be the case. Some of the words in this category could be classified as typos or mistakes (e.g. “watepark” instead of “waterpark”), and thus some researchers would not count them as errors. Thus, there is a fine line between what a typo is and what it is not. As Granger et al. (2020, p. 20) explain: LIST OF APPENDICES 70 “it [is] not easy to decide which errors should be normalized and which should not. For instance, while the words lesure, mouses and aggressivity are all non-Eng-lish words, the first is a spelling error, the second a grammatical error (irregular plural) and the third a lexical error (word coinage). Should all three be normalized or only the first?” While such instances were previously corrected in the transcripts, the newest practice adopted by the assessors of ICLE is a “clean-text policy” that does not correct any typos, whether they are obvious or less so. As some words in the texts collected for this thesis were problematic, I also decided to opt for the clean-text policy and regard typos as errors concerning the spelling of the word. The common abbreviations of the words or very informal expressions that are typi-cal for the speech teenagers use to communicate, particularly on social media, were not considered as errors. While these words are not considered by grammar books, they reflect the common usage of words in familiar and informal registers in the target language. Such expression can arguably be seen as a means of proficiency and a way of adhering to the ap-propriate register used by the native speakers, as these expressions are the ones teenagers are commonly exposed to on social media. As the exposure of the students to social media represents one of the ways they are in touch with the language and serve as a means of its acquisition. These instances were mainly salutations such as “whatsupp my friend,” “whazzup m8,” and “see ya”, but also expressions like “it was hella cringe” and “I kinda liked it”. LIST OF APPENDICES 71 4.3.2. GRAMMAR The error domain of grammar is the most extensive one, containing more catego-ries than the other domains. This also reflects the number of errors made in this domain; in Thewissen’s (2015) words, “in spite of the heavy teaching focus on grammar in the univer-sity curriculum [grammatical errors] still stood out as the most frequent error domain” (p. 77). Judging from the statistics of other error analyses, grammar can be seen as the most problematic part of learning a foreign language. The categories belonging to this domain will now be discussed in more detail. The grammatical category of articles (GA) is comprised of missing, redundant, or wrong articles. While the errors in this category were numerous, most probably because of the L1-influence, there were not that many disputable instances. Some involved the diffi-culty of reconstructing the original meaning intended by the student, like the clause “time for recap of my summer”. In this case, there were two possible corrections: one of the pos-sibilities was to add an article in front of the word recap (“Time for a recap of my sum-mer”). Since this word can also be used as a verb, another correct option would be to leave out the article and use a different preposition; the correct clause would thus be “Time to recap my summer”. In this case, the following sentence (“I expect you to send me one too”) clarified that the word in question was conceived as a noun. Another ambiguous case occurred with the expression “for few days.” While this expression is grammatically correct and acceptable in some contexts, its use in the sen-tence was not appropriate to the context provided by the author. Both assessors agreed the phrase “for a few days” would be more acceptable in this context and was most probably what the author had originally meant. The fact that this phrase occurred three times in the LIST OF APPENDICES 72 text, all the times in the same form, suggests this utterance represents a fossilized error of the author’s learner language. At the same time, the assessors are aware that assigning in-tention to authors are problematic. However, as the text did not mention the author’s possi-ble complaints about the brevity of his holidays, it was agreed to assess this utterance as incorrect. This, nonetheless, is not always the case and a certain degree of subjectivity is in-volved in the analysis. However, while this may have an impact on the reliability and va-lidity of the research, it has far-reaching pedagogical implications. The discussion of such errors in class, for instance, may lead to better linguistic awareness and may improve stu-dents’ vocabulary. Another category were grammatical errors in adjectives (GADJ), which included an addition of the suffix -s to an adjective used with a plural noun and an incorrect for-mation of the comparative form. The category of determiners (GD) includes words that precede a noun or a noun phrase. It is comprised of determiners, quantifiers, and possessive determiners. Carter and McCarthy (2006) describe determiners as words that “indicate the type of reference made by the noun phrase […and] they also indicate number or quantity” (p. 353), and, similarly to them, quantifiers “express a positive or negative contrast in quality” (p. 919). Given their similarities, and the fact that they are often taught together, they were classed under one error category. In addition, the possessive determiners affected wrong attribution of possession and included the use of “you’re” or “yours” instead “your.” It is important to note that grammar books usually put articles into this category too. However, given the unique character of articles and the problems they pose to Czech learners (possibly LIST OF APPENDICES 73 because of their lack in the students’ NL), articles were counted as a separate category as was described above, which is not unique to this thesis (cf. Thewissen, 2015, pp. 83-90). The next error category stood for grammatical errors in nouns and was tagged as (GN). These errors concerned wrong formation of the plural, or the wrong attribution of a number to a noun. Pronouns formed another category of grammar-related errors and were marked as (GP). This affected personal, possessive and reflexive pronouns. While in instances where the personal pronoun was not needed (e.g. “Must’ve slipped my mind”), the word was not error tagged and regarded as correct. However, other cases such as “Hello friend, am writ-ing this letter,” were error tagged for missing a personal pronoun. Another subgroup of er-rors was the attribution of gender to inanimate objects, which was most probably influ-enced by learners’ NL that has three genders. Lastly, the errors concerned reflexive pro-nouns such as “I started to heal myself,” and reciprocal pronouns like “each other”. It is also important to note that the cases where a personal pronoun was incorrectly replaced by a possessive determiner, like in the sentence “and then reunited with us friends,” the error tag (GD) was used, as the error was made when the learner tried to form the correct form of a possessive determiner. Lastly, a big category of errors comprised incorrect verb forms. The English tense system poses numerous problems for Czech learners and the errors affected simple or pro-gressive forms of verbs (“my holiday really doesn’t go well” instead of “really isn’t going well”), choice of a correct tense (“we had walked lots of kilometres” instead of “we walked lots of kilometres”), incorrect formation of the negative form (“I didn’t saw you” instead of “I didn’t see you”), missing or wrong auxiliary (“I going to continue” instead of LIST OF APPENDICES 74 “I am going to continue”), and subject-verb agreement (“he go” instead of “he goes”). All of these errors were labelled as (GV). 4.3.3. LEXIS The errors in this domain are further divided into two categories based on the ex-tent of the errors. Some errors only affected one word, such as “we needed to move in” as opposed to the correct “we needed to check in.” These errors were tagged as (LW) The other category of errors in this domain, tagged as (LP), was more extensive and affected lexical phrases or whole sentences, for instance one student stated “my lunch came out from me” as he probably did not remember the word vomit. Although this might be seen as a poetic attempt of the student to euphemise an unpleasant moment, this is highly unlikely from a student at the B1 level. One of the disagreements between the NS and the NNS ex-aminers was assessing the expressions like “me and my family,” when the NS argued that this expression was erroneous, while the NNS disagreed. Cambridge Grammar of English (2006, p. 380) states that these expressions are widely used and acceptable, which is why these were not considered as lexical errors. 4.3.4. PUNCTUATION Given that the syntactic system of Czech and English is fundamentally different, another important error domain was punctuation. The three categories include missing punctuation (PM), redundant punctuation (PR), and wrong punctuation (PW). While the first two categories are fairly straightforward with their definition, the last category of wrong punctuation includes mismatched punctuation, such as the use of commas instead of semicolons, but also the use of Czech quotation marks. In cases where students forgot to LIST OF APPENDICES 75 place an apostrophe when indicating possessiveness, the tag (PM) was used, as the “s” in-dicated the students’ knowledge of the grammatical rule and this was seen as a problem in punctuation rather than in grammar. On the contrary, if students forgot to indicate the final “‘s,” it was considered as an error in possessive determiners and thus tagged as (GD). Sim-ilarly, a misplaced apostrophe was seen as a grammatical rather than a punctuational error in instances like” we were going to some party’s” where the correct form of the word should have been “parties”. As was discussed above, these instances were tagged as gram-matical errors with the wrong attribution of possessiveness (GD). 4.3.5. LEXICO-GRAMMATICAL The last domain concerned lexico-grammatical errors. As the name suggests, these errors are partially lexical, partially grammatical, and they affected prepositions and com-plementation. There were divided into four categories, depending on what part of speech they followed or were linked to; (XADJ) followed an adjective, (XADV) followed an ad-verb, (XN) concerned wrong prepositions used with nouns and noun phrases, and (XV) af-fected prepositions used with and complementation of verbs. 4.3.6. WORD The word error domain is comprised of errors that violate the correct syntactic structure of a sentence. This concerned the words that were missing (WM) or words that were redundant (WR). Similarly, if this affected lexical phrases, tags (WPM) was used for the missing ones and (WPR) for the redundant ones. The last error was in the word order (WO). LIST OF APPENDICES 76 4.4. ERROR COUNTING There are multiple ways of counting the errors made in the collected sample. Thewissen (2015, p. 72) mentions four that were used in the CEA research at the time of the publication of her work: error-based and word-based counting, potential occasion anal-ysis, mixed method, and obligatory occasion analysis. The most popular one, which was used in a little over the half of the studies Thewisen (2015) reviewed, was the error-based and word-based counting method (p. 72), which was also opted for in this thesis. The method consists of counting the percentage that each error domain represents in the totality of errors, which provides the error-based calculations. This way of counting errors is important as it shows how problematic respective domains are for the learners whose interlanguage was analysed. Then, the number of errors in each domain is con-trasted against the total number of words to reveal how frequent the type of error is. Thew-issen (2015, p. 71) also points out that the error domains can be contrasted against “a nor-malised basis (e.g. /1,000 words) if several learner corpus samples of different sizes are compared.” Given that this thesis compares data of two proficiency groups, and the fact that the two datasets are rather small, the errors will be counted out of 100 words. 4.5. ERROR EXPLANATION For the explanation of errors, Thewissen (2015, p. 73) mentions the dichotomy be-tween interlingual and intralingual errors. As was thoroughly discussed throughout chapter two, interlingual errors are utterances influenced by the learners’ L1 and the intralingual errors are developmental errors that stem from the learners’ assumptions and hypotheses LIST OF APPENDICES 77 about the target language. In order to assess whether an error is interlingual, Thewissen (2015, p. 73) suggests the method of back-translation to detect potential L1-influence. Other researchers such as Ellis and Barkhuizen (2008) include various other schemes, like the division of errors based on their “gravity” (p. 67), or James’s (1998) inspection of de-velopmental errors that consists of 6 subcategories; over-generalization, misanalysis, un-der-generalization, omission, overlooking co-occurrence, and system simplification (cited in Ellis & Barkhuizen, 2008, pp 65-66). While the explanation of errors would allow for a more thorough analysis of the learner language, its applicability is beyond the scope of this master thesis. The potential explanations of errors will be discussed when reporting the re-sults of each error category in Chapter 5, but they will not be statistically assessed, as the main aim of this thesis is to compare the error categories of two proficiency levels, and not to explain their occurrence. This, however, would be a suitable topic for further research of this corpus. LIST OF APPENDICES 78 5. RESULTS This chapter reports the results of the error analysis as was described above. It is divided into two sections; first, it will report the results of the B1 sample, and then move on to the results of the B2 sample. In the third section, the results of both groups will be compared and similarities and differences between the two samples will be drawn. 5.1. B1 RESULTS The B1 corpus was a sample of 3561 words. The absolute number of errors in this sample was 685. This means that there were 18.92 errors on 100 words, which makes al-most one fifth of the sample incorrect. Out of these 685 errors, the most prominent do-mains were, respectively: grammar, form, punctuation, word, lexis, lexico-grammatical. This distribution of error domains, percentagewise, is graphically represented in Figure 1 below: Figure 1. B1 Error Domains 17% 42% 9% 16% 7% 9% 0% 10% 20% 30% 40% 50% B1 ERROR DOMAINS LIST OF APPENDICES 79 As was argued above, individual students make individual errors and while the stu-dents were assigned to the same group, their level of language does not need to be the same. The students made 45.13 errors per text on average, which represents 18.92 errors per 100 words (phw). The errors ranged from as little as 14 errors per text that equalled 6.64 errors phw, to 84 errors per text that represented 33.6 errors phw. Figure 2 below il-lustrates these findings in a boxplot. Given that these results will later be compared to the data from the B2 group, the error per hundred words ratio was chosen. Figure 2. Error Distribution B1 What this data indicates is that students’ proficiency level varies within the B1 group. While even the text with the most errors (text n. 6, see Appendix A) succeeded in meeting the B1 criteria of CEFR for writing: “I can write personal letters describing expe-riences and impressions” (CEFR self-assessment grid, 2023), it fits into the A2 level when it comes to accuracy: “Uses simple structures correctly, but still systematically makes basic mistakes. Errors may sometimes cause misunderstandings” (CEFR: Learning, LIST OF APPENDICES 80 Teaching, Assessment, 2018, p. 174, original emphasis). While, as the evidence shows, the sample is not the best representation of the B1 level, it exemplifies the complexity of lan-guage proficiency and the factors that need to be considered in its assessment, as was ar-gued before (see subchapter 4.1.2.). The following sections will focus on error categories in each respective domain in more detail. 5.1.1. FORM This subchapter will discuss the formal errors made in the sample. As it follows from Figure 3 below, almost all errors concerning form of words account for errors in spelling (FS) – 98%. This might be the result of the students not being able to consult dic-tionaries during the assignment, and possibly the result of the lacking automatic correction that they might be relying on when using English outside the class. While collecting data in the electronic form would be timesaving, it would also possibly skew the results. These errors were solely comprised of misspellings, such as various incorrect forms of the word beautiful: “beutifull,” “beatiful,” or “beutiful” that were was particularly numerous (11 oc-currences). None of these misspellings were recognized by MS Word and all were under-lined as unknown words and would possibly be corrected by the students if the assignment was written in electronic form. The misspellings that would not be detected by the spell-check were not considered in this category, as they affected other categories such as the use of “ankle” instead of “uncle” that was classified as a lexical error. The formal errors were all found to be developmental rather than errors caused by L1-transfer. Given that Czech and English are very different languages belonging to LIST OF APPENDICES 81 different language families, this is quite understandable. The back-translation did not re-veal any possible instances of L1-transfer. Figure 3. Form Categories B1 5.1.2. GRAMMAR The second, and at the same time the most numerous domain, concerned grammati-cal errors. The findings reported below and represented graphically in Figure 3 align with the previous research that had focused on Czech learners and confirms that grammar is the most problematic aspect of learning a new language. As Figure 4 shows, the errors in this domain are multifaceted and affect many grammatical aspects of learner language. 0% 2% 98% FORM CATEGORIES B1 FA FM FS LIST OF APPENDICES 82 Figure 4. Grammar Categories B1 The most prominent part of the grammatical errors are articles (GA). This is not a surprising finding and aligns with other analyses that examined Czech learners (e.g. Gráf, 2015, p. 104). It can, therefore, be argued that many of the article-related errors, particu-larly those where the articles are missing or redundant, are the result of a language transfer. Errors in articles as a result of L1-transfer are, nevertheless, not always this clear-cut. Nu-merous cases of article omission before an ordinal number (15 errors) can be seen as both; the omission of an article because the learners’ native language does not use articles, or it can be considered as a developmental error where the learners did not apply the appropri-ate grammatical rule. However, if a learner attributes an indefinite article instead of a defi-nite one, it is most probably the result of the learner language development, as there are no Czech articles that could influence the learners’ choice. The second biggest part of the grammar domain were errors in verbs (GV), repre-senting 38%. This, again, is in line with the previous research as it has been confirmed that 48% 0% 5% 5% 4% 38% GRAMMAR CATEGORIES B1 GA GADJ GD GN GP GV LIST OF APPENDICES 83 Czech students, even at more advanced levels, struggle with English tense system. This can also be partially explained by the influence of the native language. Since the students were asked to write a letter about their holidays, the most error-prone area was the past tense; some students completely omitted the past tense, possibly because they were fo-cused on the content of their email rather than on the grammar. This is a more probable ex-planation than L1-transfer, as Czech also has a past tense. Other students alternated be-tween present and past tenses throughout their writing, which may mean that some of the errors were, in fact, mistakes. The same applies to errors in simple and progressive forms of verbs; these, however, were not present in high numbers. Only six errors occurred in both present and past perfect tenses, which can be explained by the nature of the task, as these tenses range among the most difficult ones for Czech students. The third most represented category are noun errors (GN) with 5%, which is signif-icantly less than the two previous categories. All of these errors consisted in the wrong at-tribution of number to a given noun or the wrong formation of the word’s plural. Many of them could potentially have been mistakes, while some like “fishis” are phonetical equiva-lents of the noun’s plural. It is also questionable whether the student wanted to specify multiple fishes or attempted to form wrong plural. The context, “We caught a lot of fishis,” unfortunately does not help with the explanation. The next category are determiners (GD) other than articles. Some of the errors re-flected those in number, similarly to the noun category above, such as “that” instead of “those”. These were probably developmental errors or mistakes. Other errors here included missing possessive determiners “my” in front of the words “dad” and “mom”. These were LIST OF APPENDICES 84 most probably influenced by the students’ native language, as this is not a common prac-tice in Czech. The grammatical errors in pronouns (GP) consisted mostly of leaving out the per-sonal pronoun before a verb that is often omitted in Czech, which could have been the rea-son for these errors. Another type of errors, this time an intralingual one, represented errors in choosing personal or possessive pronoun, as in “my and my family,” which, given the context, was supposed to be “me and my family.” The last category was the grammatical error in adjectives (GADJ) where only one error was made. The phrase “beautifuls places” is the results of the student’s attempt to de-cline an adjective, which is incorrect in English. It is unlikely that this is an L1-influenced error, as Czech does decline adjectives, but does so in a different manner with different suffixes. It is possible that this is a mistake and the student added the suffix -s at the end of the word beautiful because of the plural form of “places.” 5.1.3. LEXIS The domain of lexis was divided into two categories; the first concerned single lex-ical items (LW), and the second concerned lexical phrases (LP). As can be seen from Fig-ure 5, the lexical items were much more present in the corpus. Only four occurrences of LP were found, all of them included wrong formulation of an existing expression in Eng-lish, for instance the sentence “In Alps was in summer still very much snow.” This is a di-rect translation from Czech, and most of the sentence had to be adjusted for it to be correct (“There was still a lot of snow in the Alps although it was summer”). This example shows LIST OF APPENDICES 85 that the minimum intervention rule may at times be challenging, given the multilayered correction that is needed to be made. Figure 5. Lexis Categories B1 5.1.4. PUNCTUATION The third most frequent domain of errors concerned punctuation. The fact that the most numerous errors occurred in the lack of any punctuation (PM) can be explained by the students’ low proficiency, their inattentiveness to it, and by the lack of instruction in this regard. The inconsistency in errors regarding punctuation and its randomness would probably be best explained by the latter two. On the other hand, as Czech uses commas more frequently than English, the L1-transfer was visible in some instances of redundant punctuation: “I am sending you this email, because I want to share my holidays with you”. Given that correct punctuation is a matter of appropriate assessment of rather advanced syntactical relations, it remains one of the most frequent categories of errors. 5% 95% LEXIS CATEGORIES B1 LP LW LIST OF APPENDICES 86 Figure 6. Punctuation Categories B1 5.1.5. LEXICO-GRAMMATICAL The lexico-grammatical domain of errors contained errors affecting prepositions accompanying verbs, nouns, and adverbs. The category of verbs is the most prominent one with the share of 61%. Some instances that were back-translated show influence of L1, such as “we were going on swimming pools” that would correspond to the Czech “chodili jsme na plovárnu.” However, this is not always the case. For instance, the sentence “you can go jumping for beautiful cliffs” contains an incorrect preposition “for”; the correct preposition, “from,” is the same as its Czech equivalent “z,” which would be used in this sentence if translated to Czech. This case was possibly the result of confusing two preposi-tions with similar orthography, or a mistake. In the case of nouns, it is important to note that Czech uses a declension system with seven cases. These cases, therefore, express the relations between a noun and the words that follow in the same way as English prepositions do. Some prepositions are 57% 16% 27% PUNCTUATION CATEGORIES B1 PM PR PW LIST OF APPENDICES 87 therefore omitted, like the preposition “of” that demonstrates possession in the phrase “the gardens too much rich people,” which was corrected to “the gardens of overly rich peo-ple”. However, other instances like the utterance “On the way back to home,” is a clear overgeneralization of the English grammatical rule and thus would account for a develop-mental error. Figure 7. Lexico-grammatical Categories B1 5.1.6. WORD The most common errors in the word domain were redundant words. These were mostly cases when students started their sentences with the words “and” and “but,” which were redundant. These errors often co-occurred with errors in missing punctuation (PM) as the sentences were sometimes illogically separated. This can be the effect of communica-tion on social media, where short messages are preferred and the sentences are frequently decomposed into separate segments that are sent as separate messages. A good example of this is a part of text 2: 0% 6% 33% 61% LEXICO-GRAMMATICAL CATEGORIES B1 XADJ XADV XN XV LIST OF APPENDICES 88 After Alps we go to Croatia. Because we want to swim in sea. And we had found places in national park Kamenjak. And there u can go jump for beuti-full clifts. And can go and dive to see salt water fishis. The next category was word order (WO). Most of the errors are L1-influ-enced errors at first sight, like “Too I was fishing with my uncle” that would trans-late to “Taky jsem byl se strýčkem na rybách,” but some seem to be intralingual. These include reported questions like “you asked me what have I done on my sum-mer holiday,” and violations of the correct word order such as “We stayed there like for ten days.” The three errors with redundant phrases (WPR) caused slight confusion on the recipient side and made the understanding of the students’ sentence harder. It can therefore be argued that these errors’ gravity is bigger as they influence the clarity of the utterance. With the two missing phrases (WPM), the intelligibility of the message was not affected as much, as the context provided enough information to compensate for it. LIST OF APPENDICES 89 Figure 8. Word Categories B1 To conclude, the first section analyzed the error domains and categories that were marked in the B1 corpus. The following part of this paper moves on to describe in greater detail the B2 corpus. 5.2. B2 RESULTS The B2 sample consisted of 4,468 words with the total amount of 661 errors. The errors were divided into six domains, as is shown in Figure 9. The outstanding majority of errors, as can be observed in Figure 9, were in the grammar domains, followed by less nu-merous categories of punctuation, form, and lexis, and ending with word and lexico-gram-matical errors as the least common ones. 15% 31% 3% 5% 46% WORD CATEGORIES B1 WM WO WPM WPR WR LIST OF APPENDICES 90 Figure 9. B2 Error Domains The average number of errors per text was 34.89, which stands for 15.06 errors phw. The individual variability can be observed throughout the sample, as the error range starts with only 11 errors per text (4.14 phw) and ends with 57 errors (25 phw). Figure 10 below illustrates this error distribution in relative numbers. Figure 10. Error Distribution B2 12% 48% 10% 18% 6% 6% 0% 10% 20% 30% 40% 50% B2 ERROR DOMAINS LIST OF APPENDICES 91 As it follows from this figure, one of four words in some of the texts were errone-ous. It can be argued that this does not meet the B2 criterion designed by CEFR, which de-scribes the learners at this level as having “high degree of grammatical control” (CEFR: Learning, Teaching, Assessment, 2018, p. 173). Nevertheless, none of these “cause[d] mis-understandings” (CEFR: Learning, Teaching, Assessment, 2018, p. 173), which makes the texts meet the second accuracy criterion (with the exception of texts 12 and 16 that con-tained incomprehensible parts). Furthermore, the texts show the students’ “sufficient range of language to be able to give clear descriptions, express viewpoints on most general top-ics, using some complex sentence forms” (CEFR: Learning, Teaching, Assessment, 2018, p. 173) which classifies the texts in this sample, even those with the most mistakes, as B2 sample. Some of the texts are arguably C1 level (particularly texts 2 and 15), not only be-cause of their accuracy, but also because of their language range, coherence, and descrip-tion. The subchapters that follow will not describe in more detail the six error domains. 5.2.1. FORM As far as the errors in form are concerned, 82% of all errors in this domain were spelling errors. As the students were not able to use any spellchecking devices or dictionar-ies, this result is not surprising. The use of “intrest” instead of “interest” or “expirience” instead of “experience” are examples of intralingual errors where pronunciation directly affects the orthography of the word. Some words like “carneval” or “milion” might be caused by the influence of Czech, and there was one error (“Wienna” instead of “Vienna”) that was most probably caused by the influence of German. Other spelling errors were LIST OF APPENDICES 92 mostly intralingual and usually concerned commonly misspelled words like “then” instead of “than” (and vice versa), “diferent,” or “trough” instead of “through.” The other two categories, as Figure 11 shows, were much less numerous. The (FM) category concerns errors in morphology and is comprised of words whose part of speech does not match the syntactic structure (FM), such as “heal” in the sentence “your mental heal also goes down.” While this seems as a rather straightforward categorization, the phrase “learning new thinks in cyber security” proved to be rather problematic. While the word “thinks” does exist on its own as a different part of speech, this error could have also been caused by the spelling and phonetic similarity of the two words. Since the phonetic similarity was a feature of other errors in the same email while other spelling errors were less prominent, the error tag (FS) was opted for. While the error was classified as (FS), it does not mean the error is not also morphological. This is an example of the limitations of CEA. The last form category was the least prominent and the errors included here are re-sult of incorrect agglutination (FA). This included pronouns like “eachother,” nouns such as “suit cases,” and verbs like “didnot.” While the grammatical use of these words was correct, it was only their form that was erroneous, thus their categorization as (FA). Errors in this category were found to be intralingual errors. LIST OF APPENDICES 93 Figure 11. Form Categories B2 5.2.2. GRAMMAR The errors in the grammatical domain were the most numerous and the categories varied the most here. As was already demonstrated and exemplified above, grammar repre-sents one of the most problematic and error-prone areas in language learning, which is also confirmed by this analysis and illustrated in Figure 12. The most prominent category were errors articles (GA), which can be further di-vided into missing articles that are most probably the result of a language transfer from Czech. Another type were redundant articles, particularly in fixed expressions like “we travelled by the plane,” and “I went to the work,” which were probably developmental er-rors where students overgeneralize rules and overlook co-occurrence. The wrong attribu-tion of definiteness in articles represented four of the errors in this category; these errors were all developmental. 6% 12% 82% FORM CATEGORIES B2 FA FM FS LIST OF APPENDICES 94 The errors in articles were closely followed by errors in verbs (GV). Surprisingly, there were numerous instances where learners used the present perfect tense instead of the past tense, which is usually mistaken the other way around, as the present perfect does not have an equivalent in Czech. Examples include “I’ve been travelling to Brno with her,” “I have spent lots of time with my family,” and “we’ve been in the water for 30 minutes.” While all these sentences are perfectly acceptable on their own, they are incorrect in the context of talking about one’s holidays that had already finished, which was the timeframe of all these sentences. Another unexpected finding was the number of errors where the pre-sent tense was used instead of the past tense. Both of the error types mentioned so far are intralingual errors and demonstrate that students still struggle and are making sense of the tense-related rules even at B2 level. Other errors included subject-verb agreement and wrong choice of simple or continuous form. The third category was noticeably less numerous than the previous two categories. Errors in determinants (GD) included missing indication of possessiveness (“Poland big-gest waterpark” instead of “Poland’s biggest waterpark”), missing possessive determiners “my” in front of the words “dad” and “mom,” and errors in determining closeness (“this” instead of “that”). Outside the subcategory of the missing possessive determiners that were interlingual errors, most other errors were intralingual. Noun-related errors concerned a wrong attribution of plural form to a noun, with possibly many of these instances being mistakes of performance rather than systematic er-rors of competence. An interesting case that might not be a mistake was the utterance “wa-ters sport,” where the suffix -s indicating plural form was not placed at the end of a com-pound noun. Other examples of potential errors in competence include the plural form of LIST OF APPENDICES 95 the uncountable noun “stuff,” and an error in the formation of the lexical phrase “two-hour long video” that was originally “two hours long video.” The grammatical errors in pronouns (GP) consisted mostly of leaving out the per-sonal pronoun before a verb that is often omitted in Czech, which could have been the rea-son for these errors. Another aspect, also most probably stemming from the L1-transfer, was the gendering of inanimate object like fish (“She weighed seven to ten kilos”) or bridge (“We walked through him”). The last category, where only one error was made, was the grammatical error in ad-jectives (GADJ). This concerned the phrase “long than the Bible,” which failed to form the appropriate comparative form of the adjective. This was a developmental error or a mis-take. Figure 12. Grammar Categories B2 45% 0% 6% 5% 3% 41% GRAMMAR CATEGORIES B2 GA GADJ GD GN GP GV LIST OF APPENDICES 96 5.2.3. LEXIS While errors in lexical items were usually the result of a wrong word choice, lexi-cal phrases (LP) were mostly learners’ incorrect, yet creative, ways of describing an activ-ity; for instance, “my head was like a big explosion” stood for having a splitting headache. Utterances like “every time” or “even though” were tagged as LW, as they represent one lexical item. One-word expressions were also classified as LW. Some of these contained Czenglish items, which are utterances that are incorrect direct translations from Czech to English, like “I had mood” instead of “I was in the mood.” Some were inappropriate words context-wise with no L1 influence, such as stating “I sent them my biography” when the student meant a CV. Figure 13. Lexis Categories B2 5.2.4. PUNCTUATION The second most problematic error domain after grammar, though nowhere near as prominent with its 18%, was punctuation. Some of the errors reflected the Czech rules of 16% 84% LEXIS CATEGORIES B2 LP LW LIST OF APPENDICES 97 punctuation, such as “I was going on long walks in town, where she lives,” as Czech sepa-rates the main clause from the subordinate clause by a comma, whereas English does not. Whilst much of the redundant punctuation was the result of the above, the majority of er-rors in this category was, in fact, missing punctuation, as Figure 14 shows. Figure 14. Punctuation Categories B2 Despite the learners’ advanced proficiency level, they still fail to apply the correct punctuation rules to their written production. The lack of instruction on correct punctuation is not unique to Czech learners; upon comparing the errors in punctuation of Iranian and Indian students, Kransir (2013) found that “[t]hese errors were essentially the result of the learners did not know the basic rules of punctuation” (p. 367). This accounts for both miss-ing and wrong punctuation in this corpus. This might also reflect the lack of students’ fo-cus on and attention to punctuation, as they may not see it as important to be understood. This would also be the case for missing apostrophes in cases like “dont” and “thats,” 62% 16% 22% PUNCTUATION CATEGORIES B2 PM PR PW LIST OF APPENDICES 98 which are comprehensible, though regarded as errors. It may be argued, though, that these expressions are commonly used by native speakers, particularly in rushed communication through social media where the lack of punctuation is widespread. 5.2.5. LEXICO-GRAMMATICAL The lexico-grammatical domain of errors accounted for 6% of all errors and with the word domain that equaled to 6% as well was the least represented one. The two most problematic areas that were equally represented in the corpus were noun (XN) and verb (XV) complementation, respectively. The noun-related lexico-grammatical errors were both intralingual (“What did you do in your last holidays?”) and interlingual (“we waited on the airport”). The verb-related lexico-grammatical errors followed this pattern as well, as an ex-ample of intralingual errors can be seen expression “me and my family really wanted to go some trip to forest,” which misses the preposition that would be missing if the sentence was back-translated to Czech as well. As for interlingual errors, “we went find our suit-cases” reflects the complementation of the Czech verb to go that does not need a preposi-tion (“šli jsme hledat kufry”). The errors in the complementation of adverbs consisted in redundant prepositions (“Then after like in three or five days”) in two cases and the wrong choice of a preposition in the other two cases (“I remember calling with my friend […] to the late night”). The one error in adjective complementation was “I was so excited on holidays,” that would back-translate to Czech “tak jsem se těšil na prázdniny,” and is therefore an interlingual error. As was mentioned in section 5.1.5., the choice of correct prepositions and LIST OF APPENDICES 99 complementation is overall difficult for learners of various linguistic background and pro-ficiencies; these difficulties thus reflects the complexity of lexico-grammatical relations between words that often students at the highest proficiency levels struggle with. Figure 15. Lexico-grammatical Categories B2 5.2.6. WORD The last set of categories discussed in this chapter belongs to the word domain. The most prominent of categories was the word order category that amounted to almost half of the errors. This concerned reported questions (“But to tell you what was the school about”), the order of adverbs (“I stayed most of the time in my room”), or literal transla-tions from Czech (“we had in Olomouc pizza”). The explanation of most of these errors is traceable to Czech word order. The number of missing words (22%) slightly outnumbered the number of redun-dant words (20%). Some of the words that were missing (WM) were developmental errors, or possibly mistakes, such as “but it was definitely worth!” where the word “it” was 2% 10% 44% 44% LEXICO-GRAMMATICAL CATEGORIES B2 XADJ XADV XN XV LIST OF APPENDICES 100 omitted, most of other errors were influenced by Czech. For instance, “First what we vis-ited was old historical monument on the island” directly translates to Czech as “První co jsme videli, byla stará historická památka na ostrově.” All four cases of the missing phrases included missing subject and verb in the sentence (“First month was kinda boring, work during week, then helping grandparents on weekends, u know how it works.”). The redundant words (WR) included mostly Czech calques like “we looked for some interesting monuments and places where to go,” where the end of the sentence matches the Czech “místa, kam jít”. In two cases the sentences started with a redundant word, namely “and” and “so.” As for redundant phrases (WPR), the only error in this cate-gory was the phrase “It was 13:00 at the evening,” where the “at the evening” is redundant as the numeral already contains this information. Figure 16. Word Categories B2 In conclusion, this section has analyzed the errors in the B2 corpus and looked more closely at the 25 error categories. The next part of this paper will compare the error 22% 45% 10% 3% 20% WORD CATEGORIES B2 WM WO WPM WPR WR LIST OF APPENDICES 101 domains and categories between the B1 and B2 corpora with the aim of answering the re-search question. LIST OF APPENDICES 102 6. DISCUSSION This chapter describes the synthesis and evaluation of the findings reported in the two previous sections and will analyze the results to detect whether, and if so, how, the er-rors domains and categories change with the rising proficiency of students. The chapter will then suggest pedagogical implications stemming from the research, outline the limita-tions of the study and provide suggestions for future research. 6.1. DISCUSSION OF THE RESULTS The two corpora contained different numbers of texts (15 texts in the B1 corpus and 19 in the B2 corpus) and thus of words (3,561 words in the B1 corpus and 4,468 in the B2 corpus). In order for the results to be comparable, the graphs that follow illustrate the relative number of error domains phw in the respective corpora. It can be observed from Figure 17 that the relative number of errors diminished across all of the six error domains that were analyzed. The highest improvement can be seen in the form, domain, then the two other domains with the same improvement of 0.93 errors phw were the grammatical and the word domains, followed by the lexico-grammati-cal domain with 0.46 less errors phw. The domains where the least significant improve-ment was recorded were the punctuation domain where the decrease was 0.40 errors phw, and lastly, the lexical domain with 0.23 less errors phw. LIST OF APPENDICES 103 Figure 17. B1 and B1 Error Domains (phw) Similarly, Figure 18 illustrates the number of errors per hundred words shows that more proficient learners are in general more accurate. The average rate of error phw in the B1 corpus was 18.92, whereas the number was lower for the B2 corpus and amounted to 15.06 errors. The trend observable in this corpus, of errors waning with the rising profi-ciency, aligns with the findings reported by Gráf and Huang (2022), Mariko (2007), and Thewissen (2013). It can also be observed that the range of the number of errors in the B1 sample is wider than that of the B2 one. The whiskers’ values represent texts that signifi-cantly differed from the average. As was explained in subchapters above, this divergence can be attributed to individual differences and the different proficiency levels within one sample, such as a student from B1 group whose proficiency is closer to B2 and vice versa. 3,26 8,00 1,68 3,09 1,38 1,83 1,77 7,07 1,45 2,69 0,92 0,90 - 1,00 2,00 3,00 4,00 5,00 6,00 7,00 8,00 9,00 B1 AND B2 ERROR DOMAINS (phw) LIST OF APPENDICES 104 Figure 18. B1 and B2 Errors Figure 19 represents the share of each of the domains in the corpora, showing which domains were the most difficult for the learners in both proficiency groups. As the B1 data shows, the difficulty ranged from grammar and form, through punctuation, finish-ing with lexis and word sharing the penultimate place and with lexico-grammatical domain causing the least problems. The difficulties the B2 group faced were slightly different, though grammar remained at the first place. It was followed by punctuation, form, and lexis, and the least problematic domains were both lexico-grammatical domain and the word domain. The domains across the two proficiency levels will now be compared and discussed in more detail. LIST OF APPENDICES 105 Figure 19. B1 and B2 Error Domains 6.1.1. FORM The sections that follow will now compare the error categories within each of the domains, starting with the form domain. Here, the B1 students made most errors in spelling (98%) only 2% of errors concerned morphology, and there were not any errors in agglutination. The errors of B2 students were more varied with 82% of errors in spelling, 12% in morphology and 6% in agglutination. The variability in error categories might sug-gest that students’ language is more complex, and that they take more risks when formulat-ing their sentences. The fact that the errors in morphology were less numerous in the B1 sample and the agglutination errors were not present at all does not necessarily mean that the B1 students have mastered these aspects of language. However, the confirmation of this claim would need a potential occasion analysis, which “involves counting the errors of a given type out of the number of times they could potentially have been made” (Thewis-sen, 2015, p. 143). This, however, was beyond the scope of this thesis. In sum, the analysis 17% 42% 9% 16% 7% 9% 12% 48% 10% 18% 6% 6% 0% 10% 20% 30% 40% 50% ERROR DOMAINS IN B1 AND B2 B1 B2 LIST OF APPENDICES 106 of this sample proved that not only have the more proficient students improved their accu-racy, but the range of errors also suggest the complexity of their language has advanced as well. 6.1.2. GRAMMAR The second error domain is grammar. As was true for B1 and B2 samples sepa-rately, the grammatical domain is the most problematic and error-prone of domains and ac-counts for almost half of all errors made in the corpora. Given that the statistics in the two groups remained very similar, it can be concluded that students at both B1 and B2 levels struggle with the same aspects of grammar. The most prominent part, of the grammatical errors are articles (GA). As was dis-cussed above, articles seem to pose significantly more problems to learners whose L1 does not have any article system. As Gráf and Huang (2022, p. 152) demonstrate, the persistent errors in articles are true for both Czech and Chinese learners, even at the C1 level, though the frequency of the errors wanes. The findings of this thesis are therefore aligned with the the developmental patterns published in other research papers as well. The second most error-prone grammatical domain concerned verbs. Both samples revealed some extent of the L1-influnence, however, many of the errors could have been caused by inattention or the students’ inability to apply the rules in the appropriate context. Looking at the particularities of errors, some progress can be seen. While the B1 students usually opted for the present simple instead of the past simple, some of the B2 learners er-roneously used the present perfect instead of the past simple. While these types of errors still remain errors, it is important to note that the nature of the error changed and that they LIST OF APPENDICES 107 reflect the progress students are making by testing their hypotheses about the correct use of the given tense. Errors can therefore help to assess the progress of students not only from the quantitative point of view, but also from the qualitative one. Attention also needs to be drawn to the genre and the topic of the task, since these two factors influenced the expres-sions and words that the students were choosing in this assignment. As the potential error analysis would show, the number of verbs in total, that means even the grammatically cor-rectly verbs, was rather high because the students were describing their holiday activities. The total number of verbs therefore also influences how many errors can be made in this grammatical category. This is also true for articles that were discussed in the paragraph above. The number of noun errors and their nature did not change significantly in the two corpora. In both cases, most errors could have been only mistakes, with some incorrectly formed plurals that were most probably competence errors. Similar statistics can be ob-served in the determiners and the pronouns categories, as these two categories mostly con-sisted of occasional errors, or “nonce errors,” to use Dušková’s (1969, p. 15) terminology. 6.1.3. LEXIS No substantial advancement can be observed in the lexical domain. The distribution of wrong single lexical items and lexical phrases did change more significantly. The num-ber of errors in lexical phrases rose significantly by 11% together with a higher proficiency level. Such change in the lexis domain reflect the findings reported in Thewissen (2013), who found that “lexis […] progressed most strongly from the intermediate to the advanced levels” (p. 85). However, as percentual share of lexical errors rose slightly in the B2 LIST OF APPENDICES 108 corpus as opposed to the B1 corpus, it is possible that B1 students took less risks and did not experiment with their hypotheses about lexical phrases and instead opted for a simpler, yet correct phrases. Another explanation proposed by Thewissen (2013) suggests that “by the time learners have reached a B1 level of proficiency, they have acquired at least partial command of the main areas of grammar, thereby leaving more room for lexis to develop and to produce errors” (p. 85). 6.1.4. PUNCTUATION Punctuation domain was also one of the domains where the advancement was not as quantitatively present as in other domains. The distribution of errors did change, how-ever; the B2 groups made 5% more errors in the missing punctuation category, and there was an improvement of 5% in the wrong punctuation category. The percentage of redun-dant punctuation remained the same in both proficiency groups. Although overall the num-ber of errors rose, it needs to be stated that the B2 texts were more syntactically complex, which may have created more occasions for errors to be made. As the students at lower levels do not use relative clauses and prefer to create simpler, less elaborated sentences, the chances to make errors in punctuation are lower. While the drop of errors in the B2 learners’ production might seem insufficient, it might still be an indicator of learners’ pro-gress. Potential occasion analysis would need to be conducted to confirm this suggestion. 6.1.5. LEXICO-GRAMMATICAL The lexico-grammatical domain saw a slight improvement of 0.46 errors phw from the B1 to the B2 level. The errors in the B1 group were mostly in verb complementation (61%) and were followed by nouns (33%). The errors in the B2 group were more complex, LIST OF APPENDICES 109 and the four categories were distributed more evenly than at a lower proficiency level. The errors were made evenly in verb and noun complementation (both equaling 44%), fol-lowed by adverb (10%) and adjective (2%) complementation. The representation of more lexico-grammatical categories can again be the result of a richer language that students at-tempted to use, which created more space for errors. To exemplify, the B2 adverb comple-mentation error “Luckily for us, we landed in Brno in less than an hour after the incident” did not have any correct equivalents in the B1 corpus. This was the case for three out of the four GADV errors. While prepositions remain an obstacle for more advanced learners of Czech (Gráf, 2015, p. 162) they also represent a problematic element of language for learners of other linguistic background. This concerns French (Dagneaux et al., 1998, p. 170), Georgian (Gvarishvili, 2012, p. 1570), or Chinese (Darus & Ching, 2009, p. 248) learners. As it fol-lows, learners of various language background struggle with lexico-grammatical relations. Gvarishvili (2012) notes that “[n]egative transfer of interference of L1 causes interlingual mistakes but it may be doubled with intralingual error – overgeneralization” (p. 1570), which can be observed on the corpus analysed in this thesis. 6.1.6. WORD The last of the error domains with one of the biggest improvements in accuracy (by 0.93 errors phw) was the word domain. While errors in redundant words decreased signifi-cantly (from 46% at B1 to 20% at B2), the errors in word order rose by 14% (from 31% at B1 to 45% at B2). These two categories were ones with the most noticeable developmental pattern. Given that the main cause of redundant words at B1 level were illogically LIST OF APPENDICES 110 structured sentences, the findings show that this area of errors improved with the rising proficiency. Possibly, the same rising complexity of sentences that positively affected re-dundant words had a negative impact on the word order category, where the error ratio in-creased. Some influence of the mother tongue was traceable in both proficiency groups. To conclude, this subchapter focused on drawing comparisons between the error domains and categories across two proficiency levels, B1 and B2. The findings will now be used to answer the research question. 6.2. ANSWERING THE RESEARCH QUESTION The central research question of this master thesis was Do the errors domains change with a rising proficiency level? If so, how? Students at a higher proficiency level (B2) achieved better overall accuracy as their average rate of error phw dropped from 18.92 at B1 level to 15.06 at B2 level. The accuracy rate also improved in all of the do-mains. The relative representation of the error domains within both corpora reflected simi-lar trends, with grammar being the most error-prone area and lexico-grammatical domain being the one where the least number of errors occurred. The distribution of other error do-mains did not vary significantly. For the B1 group, the domains that followed grammar in the relative number of errors were form, punctuation, lexis and word, respectively. For the B2 group, the most problematic domains outside of grammar constituted punctuation, form, and lexis, respectively. In this sample, the word and lexico-grammatical category represented the least numerous domains. The domain of grammar, whose relative represen-tation changed the most significantly (it rose by 6% from B1 to B2), can be the reflection of higher complexity. The same can be said about the punctuation and lexical errors, where LIST OF APPENDICES 111 the syntactic and lexical complexity of the learners’ writing was rising with the more ad-vanced samples, and thus created more space for errors to be made. In conclusion, the domains where students make errors do not differ significantly between the B1 and B2 proficiency levels. The instances where the relative number of er-rors in the given domain rose with the proficiency can be attributed to the rising complex-ity of the learners’ language. Overall, the results reported in this thesis show that Czech learners at B1 and B2 levels of proficiency have problems with the same domains to very similar extent. 6.3. PEDAGOGICAL IMPLICATIONS One of the pedagogical implications that can be drawn from this thesis is the fact that grammar remains the most problematic aspect of learner production. It is, therefore, crucial that due attention is paid to grammar in classes, whether it is at lower or higher pro-ficiency levels. As the presence of punctuation errors was also quite high, it might be use-ful to include instruction on the appropriate use of punctuation, as these rules are not al-ways explicitly taught. Lastly, the errors in the form of words at lower level signify that the orthography of English is a more challenging aspect for less proficient learners, and it might be useful to focus on this error domain. Another aspect of working with an error is more psychological and concerns the attitude of Czech teachers and learners towards er-rors, which is often very negative. Working with an error, seeing it as a natural part of the learning process, and destigmatizing making errors are one of the possible implications of research in error analysis in general. LIST OF APPENDICES 112 Furthermore, this thesis shows that exploration of learner errors has undoubtedly numerous benefits and allows teachers to learn more about the language of their learners. While doing an analysis this thorough is not realistic for each learner, it might be useful to pay more attention to learners’ errors and to adjust the teaching to better suit the needs of the learners. These needs can be found out from such analyses. For instance, the discussion of errors in class may lead to less errors in assignments, but also to better linguistic aware-ness and improvement of students’ vocabulary. 6.4. LIMITATIONS OF THE STUDY The analysis conducted in this thesis does have some limitations. Firstly, the sam-ple is a rather small one – the two corpora together contain 8,029 words, which is not enough for the findings reported in this thesis to be generalized. Furthermore, this thesis did not focus on the sources of errors, which might have explained the changes in error do-mains and thus shed more light at the ways learners produce language. Further analysis of the reasons why these errors were made and whether the ration between intralingual and interlingual article errors change can shed more light on the development of learner lan-guage. However, as it is very difficult to decide whether an error is L1-influenced or not. For instance, in the case of articles, it is hard to choose the appropriate reason for a missing article, particularly when analysing the language of learners whose L1 does not have an ar-ticle system. The last limitation of the study, one that is intrinsic to the method of error analysis itself, were the cases where an incorrect word or phrase could fit into two catego-ries, or even domains, and both categorizations were possible and probable. LIST OF APPENDICES 113 6.5. SUGGESTIONS FOR FURTHER RESEARCH The corpora collected for the purpose of this thesis could be further analysed and explored. As was mentioned multiple times when reporting the results, doing the potential occasion analysis could be very insightful and would help exploring the differences be-tween proficiency levels in more depth and detail. It might also be interesting to compare these results to other proficiency levels, as the representation of error domains may change more significantly with novice and ad-vanced learners. Lastly, the aspect of learner language that proved to be different at B1 and B2 lev-els were errors that impeded comprehension. This corpus could be further analysed in or-der to find local and global errors, and to compare this categorization with the Louvain taxonomy of errors, to identify which domains or categories are more prone to be global errors. LIST OF APPENDICES 114 7. Conclusion The aim of this thesis was to find out whether or not the error domains and catego-ries change with a rising proficiency level, and if so, how. For this purpose, data consisting of informal emails with the length of 200-250 words were collected from 15 students at B1 level, and 19 students at B2 level of proficiency. The emails were transcribed, corrected, and error tagged. The errors were divided into 6 domains and 25 categories, which were first analyzed within one proficiency group, and the findings were then compared. The accuracy and complexity of learners improved with the rising proficiency level, in some cases significantly (form, grammar, and word domains), in other cases less so (lexico-grammatical, punctuation, and lexis domains). The number of errors phw dimin-ished in each of the domains. The variability between the domains was not very significant (the most variable domain, grammar, varied by 6%). On the whole, the findings that were discussed in the previous chapter show that Czech learners at B1 and B2 levels of profi-ciency have problems with similar domains to a very large extent. To conclude, errors constitute an important and intrinsic part of learner language that can shed light on numerous aspects of learner language. Error analysis can be of valu-able help to learners and teachers and can become the starting point or serve as a guideline for further learning. BIBLIOGRAPHY 115 Bibliography Al-Khresheh, M. H. (2016). A Review Study of Error Analysis Theory. International Journal of Humanities and Social Science Research, 2(1), 49-59.  Atkinson, D. (2012). Cognitivism, adaptive intelligence, and second language acquisition. Applied Linguistics Review, 3(2), 211-232.  Brinton, D. M. (2017). Pronunciation. In E. Hinkel, Handbook of Research in Second Lan-guage Teaching and Learning (3rd, pp. 257-270). Routledge. Brown, H. D. (2014). Principles of Language Learning and Teaching: A Course in Second Language Acquisition (6th). Pearson Education. Brown, H. D. (2007). Teaching by Principles: An Interactive Approach to Language Peda-gogy (3rd). Pearson Education. Burt, M., & Kiparsky, C. (1974). Global and Local Mistakes. In J. Schumann & N. Sten-son (Eds.), New Frontiers in Second Language Learning (pp. 71-80). Newbury House. Callies, M., & Götz, S. (2015). Learner Corpora in Language Testing and Assessment. In M. Callies & S. Götz (Eds.), Learner Corpora in Language Testing and Assessment (pp. 1-9). John Benjamins Publishing. Carter, R., & McCarthy, M. (2006). Cambridge Grammar of English: A Comprehensive Guide. Cambridge University Press. BIBLIOGRAPHY 116 Corder, S. P. (1967). The Significance of Learner's Errors. IRAL, 5(4), 161-170.  Corder, S. P. (1971). Idiosyncratic Dialects and Error Analysis. International Review of Applied Linguistics in Language Teaching (IRAL), 9(2), 147-160.  Council of Europe. (2018). Common European Framework of Reference for Languages: Learning, Teaching, Assessment: Companion Volume with new Descriptors. Dagneaux, E., Denness, S., & Granger, S. (1998). Computer-aided Error Analysis. System, 26(2), 163-174.  Darus, S., & Ching, K. H. (2009). Common Errors in Written English Essays of Form One Chinese Students: A Case Study. European Journal of Social Sciences, 10(2). Dušková, L. (Feb 1969). On Sources of Errors in Foreign Language Learning. IRAL, 7(1), 11-36. Ellis, R. (1985). Understanding Second Language Acquisition. Oxford University Press. Ellis, R. (2013). Corrective Feedback in Teacher Guides and SLA. Iranian Journal of Lan-guage Teaching Research, 1(3), 1-18.  Ellis, R. (2008). The Study of Second Language Acquisition (2nd). Oxford University Press. Ellis, R. (1994). The Study of Second Language Acquisition. Oxford University Press. Ellis, R., Loewen, S., Elder, C., Erlam, R., Philp, J., & Reinders, H. (2009). Implicit and Explicit Knowledge in Second Language Learning, Testing and Teaching (2nd). Multilingual Matters. BIBLIOGRAPHY 117 Ellis, R., & Barkhuizen, G. P. (2005). Analysing learner language. Oxford University Press. Gajdošová, T. (2017). Error Analysis of Texts Written by Czech Secondary School Stu-dents: A Case Study [Master's thesis]. Masaryk University. Gass, S. M., & Selinker, L. (2009). Second Language Acquisition (2nd). Taylor & Francis. Götz, S. (2015). Tense and Aspect Errors in Spoken Learner English. In S. Götz & M. Callies (Eds.), Learner Corpora in Language Testing and Assessment (pp. 191-216). John Benjamins Publishing. Gráf, T. (2015). Accuracy and Fluency in the Speech of the Advanced Learner of English [PhD dissertation]. Charles University. Gráf, T., & Huang, L. (2022). Persistent Errors in Spoken English Among Taiwanese and Czech Learners at CEFR B2 and C1. In A. Leńko-Szymańska & S. Götz (Eds.), Complexity, Accuracy and Fleuncy in Learner Corpus Research (pp. 137-157). John Benjamins Publishing. Granger, S. (2003). Error-tagged Learner Corpora and CALL: A Promising Synergy. Calico Journal, 20(3), 465-480.  Granger, S. (July 1994). The Learner Corpus: a revolution in applied linguistics. English Today, 10(3), 25-32.  Granger, S. (2002). A Bird’s-eye view of learner corpus research. In S. Granger, J. Hung, & S. Petch-Tyson (Eds.), Computer Learner Corpora, Second Language Acquisi-tion and Foreign Language Teaching (pp. 3-33). John Benjamins Publishing. BIBLIOGRAPHY 118 Granger, S., Dupont, M., Meunier, F., Naets, H., & Paquot, M. (Eds.). (2020). Internatio-nal Corpus of Learner English (3rd). Presses Universitaires de Louvain. Gvarishvili, Z. (2013). Interference of L1 prepositional knowledge in acquiring of preposi-tional usage in English. Procedia - Social and Behavioral Sciences, 70, 1565 – 1573.  Harris, R. A. (1993). The Linguistics Wars. Oxford University Press. Harsch, C. (2014). General Language Proficiency Revisited: Current and Future Issues. Language Assessment Quarterly, 11(2), 152-169.  Hulvová, R. (2017). Error Analysis of Texts Written by Czech EFL Students [Master's the-sis]. Masaryk University. Chomsky, N. (1965). Aspects of the Theory of Syntax. MIT Press. Jain, M. P. (1974). Error Analysis: Source, Cause and Significance. In J. C. Rodgers, Error Analysis: Perspectives on Second Language Acquisition (pp. 189-215). Longman. Jakšič, J., & Šturm, P. (2017). Accents of English at Czech Schools: Students’ Attitudes and Recognition Skills. Research in Language, 15(4), 353-369.  James, C. (2013). Errors in Language Learning and Use. Routledge. Jarvis, S. (2000). Methodological Rigor in the Study of Transfer: Identifying L1 Influence in the Interlanguage Lexicon. Language Learning, 50(2), 245-309. Kachru, B. B. (1990). World Englishes and Applied Linguistics. World Englishes, 9(1), 3-20.  BIBLIOGRAPHY 119 Kalová, S. (2020). Accuracy Matters: Exploring the Accuracy of Advanced Learner En-glish in Czech Tertiary Education [PhD dissertation]. Masaryk University. Kalová, S. (2018). Úloha chyb, korektivní zpětné vazby a normy v cizojazyčné výuce s dů-razem na výuku angličtiny. Pedagogická orientace, 28(1), 72-110.  Kransir, A. A. (2013). Error Analysis and Second Language Writing. Theory and Practice in Language Studies, 3(2), 363-370.  Lado, R. (1957). Sentence Structure. College Composition and Communication, 8(1), 12-16.  Lennon, P. (1991). Error: Some Problems of Definition, Identification, and Distinction. Applied Linguistics, 12(2), 180-196.  Lesniewska, J., & Pichette, F. (2018). Percentage of L1 based errors in ESL: An update on Ellis (1985). International Journal of Language Studies, 12(2), 1-16.  Lightbown, P. (Ed.). (2017). SLA Research and Foreign-Language Teaching. In E. Hinkel, Handbook of Research in Second Language Teaching and Learning (3rd, pp. 103-116). Routledge. Lightbown, P. M., & Spada, N. (2006). How Languages are Learned (3rd). Oxford Uni-versity Press. Littlewood, W. T. (1984). Foreign and Second Language Learning: Language Acquisition Research and Its Implications for the Classroom. Cambridge University Press. BIBLIOGRAPHY 120 Mariko, A. (2007). Grammatical Errors across Proficiency Levels in L2 Spoken and Writ-ten English. The Economic Journal of Takasaki City University of Economics, 49(3,4), 117-129. Matusevich, I. (2016). Quantitative Methods in Error Analysis on the Example of Errors in Academic Writing by Czech Advanced Learners of English [Master's thesis]. Masa-ryk University. Meunier, F. (2021). Introduction to Learner Corpus Research. In N. Tracy-Ventura & M. Paquot (Eds.), The Routledge Handbook of Second Language Acquisition and Cor-pora (pp. 23-36). Routledge. Modiano, M. (Ed.). (2009). EIL, Native-speakerism and the Failure of European ELT. In F. Sharifian, English as an International Language (pp. 58-77). Multilingual Mat-ters. Odlin, T. (2003). Cross-Linguistic Influence. In C. J. Doughty & M. H. Long, The Hand-book of Second Language Acquisition (pp. 436-486). Blackwell Publishing. Richards, J. C. (Ed.). (1974). A Non-Contrastive Approach to Error Analysis. In J. C. Ri-chards, Error Analysis: Perspectives on Second Language Learning (pp. 172-188). Longman. Richards, J. C., & Rodgers, T. S. (2014). Approaches and Methods in Language Teaching (3rd). Cambridge University Press. Saville-Troike, M. (2012). Introducing Second Language Acquisition (2nd). Cambridge University Press. BIBLIOGRAPHY 121 Selinker, L., & (Eds.). (2014). Interlanguage 40 years on: Three themes from here. In Z. Han & E. Tarone, Interlanguage: Forty Years Later (pp. 231-240). John Benjamins Publishing Company. Selinker, L. (1972). Interlanguage. IRAL, 10(3), 209-231.  Sharifian, F. (Ed.). (2009). English as an International Language: An Overview. In F. Sha-rifian, English as an International Language (pp. 1-18). Multilingual Matters. Schneider, E. W. (2007). Postcolonial English: Varieties Around the World. Cambridge University Press. Skinner, B. F. (1958). Teaching Machines. Science, 128(3330), 969-977.  Štindlová, B., & Čurdová, V. (2015). MERLIN: Multilingvální platforma pro evropské re-ferenční úrovně. Časopis pro moderní filologii, 97(2), 190-200.  Thao, M. T. P. (2020). Role of L1 in L2 Acquisition According to Contrastive Analysis Hypothesis and Error Analysis. Journal of Education and Practice, 11(2), 102-107. Thewissen, J. (2013). Capturing L2 Accuracy Developmental Patterns: Insights From an Error-Tagged EFL Learner Corpus. The Modern Language Journal, 97, 77-101.  10.2307/23361913 Thewissen, J. (2015). Accuracy Across Proficiency Levels: A Learner Corpus Approach. Presses universitaires de Louvain. BIBLIOGRAPHY 122 Tůma, F. (2012). Developing Communicative Competence through Online Discussion Tasks: Computer Mediated Communication and the Skill of Writing [PhD disserta-tion]. Charles University. Yang, J., & Li, P. (2012). Brain Networks of Explicit and Implicit Learning. Plos One, 7(8), 1-9. Zafar, M. (2009). Monitoring the 'Monitor': A Critique of Krashen's Five Hypotheses. Dhaka University Journal of Linguistics, 2(4), 139–146.  Self-assessment Grids (CEFR). (2023). Retrieved April 18, 2023, from  BIBLIOGRAPHY 123 Appendix A: Transcribed Corpus B1 1 Hello Peter, my last spring holiday was absolutely amazing. I was in Italy in town named Cortina. We started our jurney first day of holiday. We traveled by car to Italy and I was dying lol. Journey lasted more than eight hours. I don’t have anything to do in this car. But I survived and we arrived to Italy. When I get out of car it was amazing view. Our hotel was next to the sea and had privat beach. I just wanted to go to this sea, but it was to late and we needed to move in to our hotel. We moved in and go to sleep. Next day was perfect. We woke up at nine and go to breakfast. It was allready ready and delicious. After breakfast we finally could go to sea. It was really warm outside so the water was really refreshing. I really enjoyed day by the sea. We played water games, beach volleyball, swimming race and many other fun stuff. At evening I was tired and I went to sleep really soon. Next day we had trip to Rome Bus arrived at our hotel and we get in with other people from our ho-tel. We saw many monument this day. For example Coloseum, obelisk or Vatican Square. Next three days was similar to first day. We were by the sea and playing games. After that we must leave and I was sad. This was best week from my holidays. And what about you Peter? How were your holidays? 2 Dear Martin. I want to say u hey from my holidays I am sending you this email, because I want to share with you my holidays. I was on very old bridge and it was really good expe-rience for me. Too was fishing with my ancle and we catch a lot of fishis I like to spend my free time with my family. Usually it a really fun. I will be happy if u send me back an email with you story of your holiday. I was one weak on holidays with my grandparents. We were going on swimming pools and small hikes. And with my mom Stella and dad Michal and sister Klara were sking in Alps. Sky was blue and weather was beatifull for sking. In Alps was in summer still very much of snow like 2 or 3 meters of snow for skiing and snowboarding and for other snow fun. After Alps we go to Croatia. Because we want to swim in sea. And we had found places in national park Kamenjak. And there u can go jump for beutifull clifts. And can go and dive to see salt water fishis. U can practice your climbing skils in deep water solo climbing in style of climbing without rope. U only need boots, and swimming dress. I wish you best for your future bye. 3 Hello Jeremy how was your holiday. My holiday was perfect. I am gone start with trip to France. Me and my family were in Paris for one week. We visit eiffel tower, it was very beautiful view from there. Then we visit zoo and been on perfect dinner i was having oys-ter and some sea food. On the way back to home we visit mont Blanc and been hiking. When we arrived i was all the time at grandpas and grandmas house. I was enjoying time with my friends from there. We were cycling and get to the swimming pool. I met some new people. We’ve been on some partyes together and it was grate expirience. Like in half of holiday i was on next trip with my family. It was in Teplické skály. It was amazing. BIBLIOGRAPHY 124 There was beautiful nature and very good weather. It was really upset becouse we were the for just three days. We were sleeping in tent it was grate expiriance. After we come back home I was just chilling by the pool getting some drinks and good food. Just having good time. I am very curious about your holiday. I hope u spent grate time like me pleas write back. Later we can met in pub. With love LR 4 Hi budy, thanks for the last email, I was so shocked where you were. The landscape was beautiful, but now I would like to tell you where I was on the last holiday. It was spring holiday and me, as usual, went ski to some mountain or hill that I have no idea how do they call. Our accomodation was, as usual, friendly “mountain” cottage, with friendly people. We arrived like around 6 pm, and I enjoyed a lot of fun time with my friend. And the next day, finally, we went ski. As you should know I like skiing so much and I really enjoyed it. I jump on “snow ramps”, go through woods etc. And after this exhausting skiing we can sit in front of a huge dumplings with povidlí. Then we come back and enjoy a lot more fun again, we play table tennis, table tennis but instead of table tennis ball, tiny football ball, play some games on phones or PC. And before we go sleap, we watch some series or movies. Oh, I forgot…I was with my family on at least one of the biggest roller coaster in Czech Republic Well this is probably everything I’ve wanted to tell ya. I wish you all the best and I wish I’ll hear from you soon. O. 5 Hello, I am writing you about my last holidays. Most of the time that I spend was with my family and my good friends. I spend a lot of time by playing computer games with my friends. When I say a lot I mean really lot of time. We were playing like 12 hours a day. It was very unfortunate that you can not play with us. I hope we will see each other as soon as possible, so we can play some games together. By the way I start a new business with 2 of my friends. The business is about selling lego sets and minifigures. We are trying to find expensive minifigures and sealed lego sets for cheap and sell for some extra profit. We are using internet website like facebook marketplace and eBay to find these sets. It take a lot of time, but you can find lego sets for really good price there. Anyway what were you do-ing in the Last Holidays? You did not send any message to me for like a month. I hope nothing bad happened to you. Write me as soon as possible, we have many things to do. See you soon, E. 6 Hi Mark BIBLIOGRAPHY 125 Sorry that i wasn’t in touch a while. Well it was allmoust two months. And because i didn’t write you all the time i tell you evrithing what I do. At the begin of holiday I started work. It was hard job but money from that was uncredible. Basicly it just digging holes and instaling water system on the gardens too much rich peo-ple. And cover the hole what you done. It was all in firs mounth. Well offcorse I do more things than just work but that is a different story. The second mounth started family vaca-tion in Caratia. We stay ther like for ten days and it was realy amazing. First day we spent on the beach and happy sun and send. Second day we wisit Fun Park. We must ride every rollercoastr. It was bad idea and my luch come out from me. But it was fun. In 3-rd day we visit historical tower next to hotel where we live. There was too many stair. It was torchr. But view from the top was really amazing. The rest of the vacation we spent on the beach or visitings pubs. After we come back home I give my friends presents that i buy for them. And because i got lots of money I buy some shos and clothes. For me. But i got one pre-sent for you Marek. I’ll give it to you when we meet again. Well, thats all from me. Have a good time. 7 Hi Leoš, Thanks for your last email. It was great to hear from you! You asked me to tell you some-thing about my summer holidays. In the beginning I was ill. It was very bad for me becouse I had headaches and I couldn’t go anywhere I was ill only three days, I was very happy that I am not ill becouse now I could go to Italy with my family. The next morning when I woke up my father said that in the evening we will went to Italy. I instantly went to my room and I packed some clothing and things I needed to my suitcase. My parents love mountains, so we went to Alps, specifically to Jesolo. The way from Brno to Jesolo was long and boring, so we decited that we will go to KFC for some snack. I ordered Qunito, my father ordered two twisters for himself and my mother, my brother ordered two BeSharks. When we arrived to Jesolo, my father was tired so we decited that we will go to sleep for a while. We woke up in the afternoon, so we went on a small trip to the city. It was so lively! My mother bought some clothes, my brother some toys, we went to the res-taurant and then we went to our hotel. The next day we went to the mountains and the day after we went to aquapark. Then we went home. I really enjoyed it! Back soon, J. 8 Hi my dear friend. Im writing you beacuse you want hear what I did last spring holiday. So I will start with my first day. First day i was at home besaue I was sick. Whole day I was on my computer and I was playing some games with my friends. For example I playd GTA5, R6 and more. Next day I went on trip with my family. It was annoing. I saw beauti-ful castle and I was on lookout tower and that view was so great. So third day I drove on mountains where I skiy. For your information I’m snowboarder I not here ski but I here snowboard und I have snowbord. I was there with my mom who has ski. We lived in smal BIBLIOGRAPHY 126 chalet in Beskydy. That same day in ski-areal I met my good friend from my class from primary school. So that was funny I introduced her to my mom and then she had launch with us. We lived in Rožnov pod Radhoštěm. And this was beatiful city. So many monu-ments. For example ice museum or lookout tower. There was so many restaurants too. Best day we were on the heightes mountain in Beskydy calling Radhošt. On the top we drove with cabin. On the way was beatiful view and beatiful skanzen. And last day I was at home. And playing some games and watching films. So I really enjoyed this spring holi-day. Now you can write about your holidays. And I really hope you were your(?) holidays like me. Bye my frinds. 9 Hello, I writing this e-mail for you about my beatiful spring holidays because you ask my to do it so here is it. My spring holidays were amazing, first half of week I was at home and i was going to some party’s with my friends and spending lots of time with them. Another half of week my aand my family goes to mountains to ski there. We were living in beautiful big cottage that one of moms friends gave us for second half for week. But we don’t was there alone. Us friends also come there too so we have lots of fun there. First day when we arrive we just unpacking and then reunite with us friends because they arrive little bit late and we dont se them in like two years becouse of covid-19. Second day we went to the mountains to ski and it was really funny because i and my dad was skiing on snowboard and we dont stand on snowboard in like two years so we failing very often but it was fun. Third day we went to skiing again and it was better i was don’t falling so often and it was styl funny. And fourth day that it was also last day we wasn’t go to mountains but we all go for a walk in beatiful winter nature and it was very nice. I think thats all ti was very good spring holi-day i think and I hope you got same holidays like me and i hope you will too write my about them. See, ya 10 Hi Adam, thank you for your e-mail about your summer holidays. My holidays were so nice too, I was in Barcelona for two weeks. My parents wanted to fly to Paris, but my brother and I wanted to go to Barcelona so we flew there. I really love Barcelona because I play soccer and FC Barcelona is my favourite soccer club and I allways wanted to visit their stadium and look how beatiful they can play soccer. We were also in the town and it was so lively, peoples there are so nice. Our hotel was small, but comfy and with beatiful view on the sea. The weather was nice whole two weeks something about 30 degrees, so we can go to the sea. One day we were in the restaurant where they cooked seafood so I had mussels first time in my life and I must say they were delicious. My dad had had an octopus and I don’t like it. The next day I was tried to ride a motorcycle because I really like riding a motorcycle. So it were my summer holidays, I guess they were one of the best holidays in my life. I wish you all the best Adam and have a nice day. 11 BIBLIOGRAPHY 127 Hi Sam, I hope you are well. Are you looking forward to the Spring holiday? Thank you for your previous e-mail. It’s great to hear from you. I’m writing to you because I want in-vite you to visit me during the holiday. We could visit the historic museum or spend days at the beach. After we can go wander around the shopping centre if weather is bad. We can visit some historic places. My friends would love to spend mor time with you too so, we could hang out with them in that cafe you like or we can go on a one day trip to the beach. What do you think? I think it would be amazing to spend a few weeks with you in Spain. We would have so much fun! I know how much you love Spain. We can go to the Barce-lona together. Barcelona is such a beatiful city with beautifuls places. We can go and see a football match in Barcelona. After we can try out some food at a local restaurant. In the next few days we may have to go on a hike. And it wouldn’t be expensive as you can ? with us in the operhd Best wishes, I’ll see you soon. A 12 Dear John, I’m writing you this email from our trip. I’m in our hotel room right now. London is very beautiful city. Yesterday we saw the Big Ben. It was really crowded. There were a lot of people looking at the Big Ben. After that we visited museum of wox figures. There were a figure of Donald Trump. At the lunch we have a chicken sop in famous restaurant. Food was delitius. But it wasn’t cheap. One bowl of coup cost 5 pounds. We went out of the res-taurant and something unexpectable happend. One man walked around us and grabbed moms bag and run away. Dad want to chatch him but he wasn’t fast enough. So he called police. We waited. When police arrived dad say them, what happen. Mom was sceared, so we decided go to our hotel room and calm down. At the afternoon we were watching TV and were waiting for call from the police. At the next day morning we went to breakfast and we decided to visit the London Eye. The view of London Eye was buautiful. We saw Themse and boats on it. I really liked it. Before our departure police take to mom her bag. He catch him. We went home by plane. Flight was nice. I hope you’re ok. Have a nice holyday. S 13 To my dear friend Štěpán It’s been so long, Štěpán, How are you? I need to share my adventure from spring holiday. When the holiday started, me and few other people went camping by the lake. When even-ing came we gather some sticks and paper and created a fireplace. Then we cooked some meat and made some corn and marshmallows. They were delicious! After that we went for a walk first by the lake and then to the nearby forest. The forest was mysterious, the sound and the aatmosphere was great, but sudenly we heard a loud noise coming from the deep-est and darkest part of the forest. We were really scared. Then we did something that only dumb kids do and went deep inside darkness. We were absolutly terified. We went further and further and than we heard a loud scream. At that moment I did not know if I want to continue but I did not know a way back to camp so I went along with my group. After BIBLIOGRAPHY 128 some time we found a caravan. We knew that this was source of the noise so we sneaked right behind and then we saw a family playing Monopoly, they were screaming, because someone lost. We thought that they killed someone,but they were only playing family games. So this was my story from my last holiday. I hope you liked it. Also I hope we will see eachother soon. Thanks for reading H 14 Dear Putin, you asked me, what have I done on my summer holiday in 2021. I was either home with my family, out with my friends, or I was on vacation. You may ask, where was I on my va-cation. I was at Mallorca. We stayed at a five star hotel, that was about 100 meters away from beach. The beach and the sea were really beautiful. It wasn’t dirty and there weren’t any rocks at all. There were also fishes swimming in the sea. I even catched one with my bare hands. One day, we went on a boat trip there. We were diving the whole day, and I saw a lot of fishes and corals in the sea. The food at the hotel was very nice too. You could pick whatever you wanted. By the way, at first, we were planning to visit your country Russia, but due to covid, it was nearly impossible, so we visited Mallorca. When we got back home I was playing PC games for about 3 days, and then I started to go out with my friends a lot. I also went on some sleepovers, and I enjoyed it a lot. I spent the last week of holiday in a tenis day camp with my friend. I’ve made some friends there, and I’ve learnt to play tenis a bit better. I’ve really enjoyed these holidays, and I can’t wait for the next summer holidays. I hope you’ll stop invading Ukraine, so we could finally visit Russia this time. Anyway, how was your holiday? Your V. 15 Hello Jeremy. How are you? Hope you’re doing well becouse you didn’t text me for a long time. So I tought it would be better if I write you an email and maybe you will awnser me on it. First of all I would like to tell you about what happend in the past week of holidays. On the first day my dad bought a “new” bike. It was an old M2 ETZ 150. She was so dirty so I spent 3 days of cleaning and repairing it becouse the clutch was broken. But the most dirty part was carburator wich was full of some green mess. After completing and fixing all the jets of the carburator I started fixing some electric of the bike. We had to change some fuses becouse thei were burned and also the spark plug. Finally on the 4th day of our repair the bike was completed and ready to start. The next day I spent riding it across the fields of our villige. Suddenly I ran out of gas almost and half kilometres away from the villiage so I had to push it all the way back to home. That day was very cold so due to this I’ve got cold and I had to stay at home for the rest of the holidays. But It wasn’t that bad I spent it on the computer playing CS:GO and I finally aquired 1K hours on it. I bought a few new skins and achieved a new rank on wingwans. So It was pretty good holidays. And what obout your holidays? I hope you will text me back. See ya APPENDIX B: TRANSCRIBED CORPUS B2 129 Appendix B: Transcribed Corpus B2 1 Hello Derek, Am writing you an Email about my last holiday. At the end of the school I was so excited on holidays that I count every hour. When the holidays finally start my mom tells me that we going on trip to Poland biggest waterpark. I was so excited that I imediately start pack-ing all my stuffs. Night before the trip I couldn’t sleep, I was freaming about the big fa-mous waterslide and waterjets. I was so happy that I watched all youtube videous about the watepark. It was Frydry morning and we finally preparing for the trip. My dad starts clean-ing car and fixing tires. My mum and my older sister was preparing sandwitches. It was 13:00 at the evening and we finally go to car and start driving to Poland. After hour my dad noticed that some of the cars honking on us, then my dad saw a big oil line dropping form our car. We didn’t know We don’t know what to do so we stop at the nearest gas sta-tion. My mom calls her brother Jake. Jake tell us we cant continue because the car will breake. We asked him what to do and he send us to his friend. When we arrived to his friend Paul he tell us he can fix it but we need to wait 15 days. My dad pay for car and we call an Uber home. This is the end of our trip and it was a big failure. Hope you have better holiday. Bye, see you on Monday. 2 Hey Beth! I just arrived home from the airport. The traffic was terrible, ugh! Anyways I don’t rly know if I even told you I was going to Greece…Must’ve slipped my mind. It’s not like I was on some fancy vacation anyways lol. Since grandparents passed, there isn’t anyone who’s able to keep the majestic garden pretty. So that’s one reason I flew there. You won’t even believe the disaster I saw. I hope you remember those burgundy roses…Well, they weren’t there! Someone must’ve stolen them. I was really pissed off. But at least after that I took the bus to the cementary, where they rest and everything was the same as when I left. Just had to clean the cross a little bit, but no big deal. Anyways, there’s a huge festival going on right now, so I stayed in Greece for two more days than I firstly planned on. I honestly don’t even know what they celebrated, but since most of them were wearing some sort of “antique gods robes”, I guess it had something to do with them. But I don’t remem-ber much honestly, ‘cause I was pretty wined up in the evenings :D. But it was great over-all, lots of dancing and music, everyone waws friendly. Can’t wait to get back there…This time with you! I hope you won’t let me down on this <3 Take care, A 3 Hey Dick, how you doing. Last time you were asking me, what I am doing on my holiday. So I’m texting you about this holiday I’ve had. Well on 31st July I was going on a vacation with my family. We went on Mallorca. I must say we waited like two hours on Wienna APPENDIX B: TRANSCRIBED CORPUS B2 130 airport coz our fligt have been delayed. Dad was angry as hell so we went to buy some al-cohol. When plane finally arrived and we got onboard I was so happy to see Mallorca again. On Mallorca airport (which is btw 2nd largest airport in Europe) me and my family went trough big long hall and I started laughing. My family was like “Yo what are you do-ing.” So I said “Look their flight have like twelve hours delay.” After that all of us start laughing coz we were glad our plane had only two hours delay. Then we went to my aunts house. Next few days I was just chilling on the beach. One day me and my dad went fish-ing on boat with my uncle. Must say we cought lot of fish. Dad caught a big one she had seven to ten kilos I don’t remember now. I almost caugh swordfish but he got away.  On way back we found whale and two dolphins. That’s all have a great weekend dawg. 4 Whatsupp my friend! How its going? I’m not doing well, because my holiday really doesn’t go as I planned. First of all, the weather wasn’t really good so I stayed most of the time in my room, then after like in three or five days I get sick, my head was like big ex-plosion and my neck was even worse, because I feel a lot of pain in my throat when I swal-low and I hate it. After two days of pain I was starting to heal myself and I gets much bet-ter. After that me and my family really wanted to go some trip to forest, it was something like “healty walk”, because when I was lock in my room and sick I really get more sad. You for sure know that feeling when you get sick and you laying for two and more days in the bed so you’re mental heal also go down thanks God. Now am not finnaly sick at all so I want too to ask when we meet each other? I didn’t seen you for so long…  So now tell me what was you’re holiday? I really hope you have it much better than me…So write or call me soon! Bye! 5 Hey men, I know it has been long time since I wrote you a letter. As always I will tell you about my holiday because it is our favourite thing to do. I started my holiday with trip to our capital city Prague. It was nice because I was finally able to see my long distance friends after so long. We all met at main train station, hugged eachother and got something to eat. We have bought something to eat and then started shopping for food and other things we will need for our stay in Prague. When we were finally at the place we were sup-posed to stay for the night, we started making the meat we bought on the grill. After that we were so full we just talked for another 2 hours untill it got dark. Then everybody took some wine, beer or other drinks we bought and we have slowly walked to our favourite spot where we just drinked, talked and listened to music we all like. We even met Ceska televise, they asked us if they can use us in their report, but we didnot agree so they left. 6 Wassap Honza I didn’t saw you for long time, so I want to tell you about my last holiday. Last Summer I went on holiday to Mallorca. We travelled by the plane and that was very tiring, because fly took about 3 hours. When we arrived, we went find our suit cases and than wait for the bus. Bus took us to the hotel and there they registered aus and gave us the card for hotel room. Next day we had breakfest and then we looked for some interesting monuments and APPENDIX B: TRANSCRIBED CORPUS B2 131 places where to go. We finded some cool places before we took fly to Mallorca, but half of that places were closed. First what we visited was old historical monument on the island. Next days we visited rest places that we choosed. Last days we went to spent time on the beach, enjoy swimming, surfing and things like that. Last day we had out last breakfast and then we went packed suit cases, cleared room and waited for the bus. Because our flz had time in the evening, we were so sleepy but we click it y (???)! Yea fly took again about 3 hours, but it was much easier to stay wake up. So this is my last summer and what about you? Had you good holiday too? If you write me something about your holiday I’ll be happy! So see you soon bro! 7 Hello my friend, you asked me about my last holiday. Well I would say my holiday was pretty good. Even that it was not exactly in holiday spirit. You probably wondering why. I would say it is, because I spent part of my holiday at summer schools. First summer school I was in, was IT summer school for girls. Firstly I was kinda scared to go there, because I didn’t know anyone. So I thought no one will talk to me. But in the end I had really fun and I’m happy I went there. But to tell you what was the school about. We was learning about HTML, CSS, and Java Script. But it wasn’t just about Websites. We also learned how to make something in InkScape. Which is used for vector graphic. My secund summer school was totally different than the first one. It is because my second school was dance school The school was more focused on one dance style and that is clogging. But don’t worry it was not just about clogging, once a day we had dance class where we was learning diferent styles of dance. Every day we had another dance style. I really enjoy that. Last summer school was a little similar to the first one. It was also about IT. But I didn’t like it that much. I would say it’s because it looked like it was more for people who already knew something about Python. But that’s okay I survived it anyway. ☺ Have a nice day, K 8 Whazzup M8, hope ur doing great. Don’t try to skip this mail just cuz it’s long than Bible. Time for recap of my summer (I expect yo to send me one too). First month was kinda bor-ing, work during week, then helping grandparents on weekends, u know how it works. Yet the second month got more interesting. As the summer goes and good vibes flow in the air, people start to make parties either to end in bed with somebody, or just to get wasted and I received a lot of invites I guess most of them were accidental where owner mass sent in-vitions to everyone in their contact list. U know, like that one when you accidentaly sent meme to your boss instead of me. So I tried ta attend most of them hoping I cold go to all of them, but that was kinda impossible as sometimes were two of them at the same time, which is shame that these people know each other yet can’t cooperate at all. Sometimes watching how some people can’t cooperate and act like children about it is just hella cringe. Parties were mostly 2 type “yo, we got a swimming pool” or “yo my parents got XXXL size living room and we got 2 floors”. Drugs, alcohol, girls either tossed to APPENDIX B: TRANSCRIBED CORPUS B2 132 swimming pool or showered in beer by some ultra wasted dude. I always waited till half half of people got drunk or high, higher than Eiffel tower and then I started drinking some beer. Most of parties were boring, but hey, free beer. You got the point. So anyway, thanks for response in advance. H 9 Hi Philip! How are you? Haven’t heard from you in a while. I had very busy holiday this year. Well, the first week was pretty calm. But the next 2 weeks were really busy. I and my girlfriend went on “Grand grandma tour”. Where we were visiting both my and my girlfriends fam-ily. We enjoyed the first week of this tour. But the other week was so exhausting because we just had enough of our families and in the end of this we were glad we’re alone. The next week we were alone in our flat and it was amazing! Usually we live with ones or the others parents. But this time we were our own lords and we really enjoyed it. We cooked a lot of stuff ourselves and we began to be very good at it. We tried variety of healthy salads, we did our own sushi. We even baked two pies! The rest of the holiday was simple. I was working in company, where my dad works as well. For three weeks. The company is in foreign country, Slovakia. Of course because of this job me and my girlfriend were sepa-rated and when it all ended we were relieved that we can be together all the time again. How was your holiday? Did you enjoy it? Best wishes, M 10 Hi Mark, What have you been up to lately? How was rest of the holidays after we parted ways in Marseille? That afternoon I went to a nearby restaurant with Jesse and we ordered some snails. I’ve never had them before so I was scared to try them, but in the end they weren’t that bad. Next day we had to woke up early since our flights was departing at six fifteen in morning. The flight was okay until this baby behind us started crying like halfway through our flight. Luckily for us we landed in Brno in less than hour after the incident. We took a taxi to Jesse’s house, I helped her grab the baggage to her flat and then I went home on foot. Oh I almost forgot, that necklace you lost, was it green? Because I found one near our hotel that looked similar to yours. I took it with me so when we see each other next time you can look if it’s yours or not. Well anyways after I got home I went straight to sleep. Next day it was Thursday I think, I did a bit of work and then went to sleep again. For rest of the week I wasn’t really doing much. Actually I wasn’t doing much for the rest of the holidays. Except few small trips I was just chilling. Anyways I hope you’re doing well. Say hello to Mary and your family for me. Haven’t seen them in a long time… Hit me up when you’ll be free after work someday and don’t overdo it with beer. C ya later, D 11 Hi Matt, APPENDIX B: TRANSCRIBED CORPUS B2 133 How are you doing? Sorry for not texting earlier I was enjoying holidays. First I went to Brazil to see Rio. The flight took a while but it was definitely worth. Rio was beautiful. We had very nice weather too so it was even better. We managed to visit Rio while there was some carneval happening. We even went to the statue of Jesus above the city. When we got back we were at home for few days resting and getting ready for our next trip which was to Egypt. It was insanely hot there. When we went somewhere throughout the day we were almost dying. But we went to see the pyramids and they are huge. Can’t be-lieve people managed to build that. Otherwise we spend a lot of time either at a pool or seaside because of how hot it was there. So the only possible times you could do anything was either early in the morning or late evening. But anyway it was fun and very nice place. On our way back we had a stop in Rome. We stayed there for few days. We walked through the city center. We even got to the Coloseum. For dinner we had the best pizza I have ever eaten. One evening there was a football match and no we didn’t go there but there was like milion people all of a sudden. So that was kinda crazy but after that we went back home. Anyway can’t wait to hear about your holiday. See you soon 12 Hello Ondra, How are you? How was your holiday? I started my last holiday with gym and than I was with my friends in centre of Brno. We talked about best school year and about fitness. My friends are very good because I can talk with they about anything. After this talk we walked in Petrov and then we went to the Restaurant. It was Pizza restaurant and we order pizzas. After this and pizzas I went to my friend. She is from Russia, butt she is my very good friend. We were in centre and we walked and talking about our lifes. That was my first day after 9 months at school. Next 14 days I was with my friends in the gym or in the work. After this 14 days we had a idea with my friends. We wanted to see something so we did the plan and then we started a trip. One of these friends is 30 year old so we had a car. First break was in Olomouc we ate something and then we go to the largest bridge on the world. It was in Jeseniky. It was very nice walk we saw beautiful nature and largest bridge. We walked through him but we and one of my friends has got phobia at this bridges, so we must walk last through this bridge. After this walk we had break in Poland and in Olomouc. We had in Olomouc pizza and then we went back to home. After this trip I didn’t do something special. So that was my last holiday. Goodbye bro. 13 Hello Kamila, how are you doing? This summer holiday was absolutely crazy and I wanna share it with you! The very first day of my holiday I went to Prague for a bit concert in O2 arena with my friend! The crowd was absolutely crazy, great atmosphere, lots of mosh pits but the most important part, the performers really killed it! APPENDIX B: TRANSCRIBED CORPUS B2 134 They were two, the first of them is younger than the other one, but they are real cousins! The concert really made my day and I rank it as one of the best days in my life! Next week me and my friends went to nature, we had walked lots of kilometers and I en-joyed that because I think I needed to breathe fresh air at the time, had lots of stress before this day. I have spent lots of time at home with my family, we were taking care of our grandmother that has Alzheimer. I believe she was happy to be with us because she haven’t had met us for long time before. In the next weeks I was hanging out with my friends, but didn’t have any bigger activity. I am really happy I could spent so much time with you this holiday and I wanna thank you! Tell me how was your holiday and have a nice rest of the day. Best regards, O 14 Hello Thomas, I want write you about my last holidays. My first day of holyday was so good, because I finally well slept. I remember calling with my friend and playing computer games to the late night. When the call ended, I was still behind computer for hours. One late night I was editing video and I had a lot of funny ideas because of tiredness. By the way I started to learn C++ programming language. It is in some ways harder than other programming lan-guages, but I am calm person and I don’t get angry so easy if something does not work. For example I was trying to fix some functionality in my program and finally after five hours I successfully fix it. In the middle of holiday I was staying at my grandma’s house. I’ve been traveling to Brno with her, because I wanted to help her with shopping and car-ring bags. In the evenings I was going on long walks in town, where she lives. When I came back, she made me a dinner. After that I had mood to learn something new, so I found two hours long video about car hacking. And I was so excited about this, that I bought some rudia (?) stuff to understand more. And when I’ve got home I was just play-ing games or programming like always. So that way my holiday and I hope you tell me about yours. Bye Thomas 15 Heya Mate! How’s it going? Let me tell ya these holidays were something...One day you are all like „I don’t want these holidays to end.“ And the next day you are like „I’m bored out of my mind!!!“ For me it was mostly fun, going out with friends, trips, playing games, building stronger bonds, you know me! But some days were tough, for example: one day we went to Slovakia to meet some friends, but you won’t guess what happened! IT STARTED RAINING AND IT CONTINUED THE WHOLE F’IN DAY, and that’s not all! I also found out that my boots were partly broken, so after I returned home my feet hurt a lot. Perfect trip, really…But at least the view from the train was beautiful and that counts…right? Well I know only one thing, NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN. Anyways I want to tell you more, because I think there might be something that sparks your intrest. You know how we have a problem with long distance friendships? Well that will soon be over! Great news, right? I discovered it only recently, but most of our friends are going to APPENDIX B: TRANSCRIBED CORPUS B2 135 live in Brno starting next year! We won’t have to pay for traveling anymore and we will have more time to spend together! We are already planning a party when the comes! U can take that as an invitation. I’m hyped just thinking about it! One day we might even spend Christmas together! Like a family! Welp, that’s all from me. And what have you been do-ing lately? Any crazy experiences? See ya later pal! T 16 Hi Susan, Last holiday was wild I’ll start from the beginning of my holiday. It was last day of school on i look it like free day because we were doing nothing. I brought my gaming ultra powerful laptop with extra keyboard and mouse and started playing. Maybe you ask what I was playing. I was playing DOOM, this game, I enjoy it soo mutch but sadly my teacher dont. She told me to turn it off or do something productive. So i turned it off because i did not want any problems. But dont worry I love a friend Steve. We enjoy time with each other because we do crazy stuff. Like last time we’ve made super stinky and loud bomb. We’ve done it like it goes brrr. Ha ha ha. After school we went to a stopping wall, They love toilettes and thats exactly what we wanted. So we’ve got out bomb and threw it in there, closed the doors and wan away. The sond fram it. Oh my, It was symphony. Rest of my holiday was great. I hope we’ll meet after your vacation Have a great vacation. Your best friend M 17 Dear Filip, I spent my time in Egypt with my girlfriend and my family. When we arrived we go to the dinner. There was a lot of food like beef, chicken, fish and my favourite was a sushi. After dinner, we go to the hotel called “Grand Hotel”. First day we go to the beach. I remember it was sunny day, but sea was too cold for me. So i devide that me and my girlfriend rather go to the swimming pool. We’ve been in water for 30 minutes. After swimming we take a shower. My parents came back after 45 minutes, they also take a shower and then we go to the luch. I didn’t like it because there was a lot of vegetables i don’t like for example toma-toes, brocoli and other. Second day we do nothing, we just chilling in the hotel. Thirth day we visited zoo, there was lot of exotic animals like sharks, turtles, lions, snakes and the most dangerous animal was a bit white shark, he has fifteen meters. Final day we go to the plane an arrived home. I hope that the next summer i’m gonna spent with you. With love D 18 Hi Rostislav I just want to talk about my holidays and why I was not responding to your e-mails. I was traveling to Madagascar. Where wasn’t signal and that was the reason I was not respond-ing to your e-mails. The traveling waws a problem I had to travel from Africa to APPENDIX B: TRANSCRIBED CORPUS B2 136 Madagascar by a boat. After the worst travel experience I had there was nothing to stop me to have a good time on Madagascar. The main porpuse of why I am here is that I alwazs wanted to experience a wild jungle. My goal was to walk from east coast to abanded vil-lage. That was like solid ten kilometers of wild jungle. I would not be able to do it by my-self I had two experts who helped me. On my journey was nothing dangeros at all but every night I heard some strange noises and I did not meet poisenous animals like snakes, frogs or spiders and the one I saw wasn’t harmful. When I got to the village everyone was friendly but we was not allowed to sleep there. Journey back was easy and I managed to get back home safelly. We can go to the bar sometime and talk about it more if you want. H 19 Hi Peter, I am writing you about my last holiday. At begin holiday I spent a lot of time on my garden. I have a big garden with many fruit tree, so there is many things to do. Because in this holiday was so hot I went to the lake to swim. I was also tried some waters sport like paddleboarding or diving. I really enjoyed it. I think you would try it too. If I tried to stand on paddleboard for first time, I fell in the water. It was too difficult to kept balance for me. After many fall, some man show me, how to do it. I kept trying and did it. Next holidays I going to continuous and learn new trics. I was looking for some part-time job. But I was needed some IT or cyber security job for experience. I fount one company call Axenta, and sent they my biography. After week, they texted me back to come to talk. I was really nervios. Two days, after I talk to them. They sent me mail that I was hired. I was really happy. I spent rest of my holiday in com-pany learning new thinks in cyber security and collecting expirience. And what do you did in your last holidays? Thanks for your request. D APPENDIX C: ERROR DOMAINS B1 137 Appendix C: Error Domains B1 1 Hello Peter, my last spring holiday was absolutely amazing. I was in Italy (P) 0 $,$ in (G) 0 $a$ town named Cortina. We started our (F) jurney $journey$ (G) 0 $the$ first day of holiday. We traveled by car to Italy and I was dying lol. (G) 0 $the$ Journey lasted more than eight hours. I (G) don’t $didn’t$ have anything to do in this car (P) . $,$ But I survived and we arrived (X) to $in$ Italy. When I (G) get $got$ out of (G) 0 $the$ car (L) it $there$ was (G) 0 $an$ amazing view. Our hotel was next to the sea and had (G) 0 $a$ (F) privat $pri-vate$ beach. I just wanted to go to this sea, but it was (F) to $too$ late and we needed to (L) move in $check in$ to our hotel. We (L) moved $checked$ in and (G) go $went$ to sleep. (G) 0 $the$ Next day was perfect. We woke up at nine and (G) go $went$ to break-fast. It was (F) allready $already$ ready and delicious. After breakfast we (W) finally could $could finally$ go to (G) 0 $the$ sea. It was really warm outside so the water was really refreshing. I really enjoyed (G) 0 $the$ day by the sea. We played water games, beach volleyball, (W) 0 $had$ (G) 0 $a$ swimming race and (G) many $a lot of$ other fun stuff. (X) At $in$ (G) 0 $the$ evening I was tired and I went to sleep really (L) soon $early$. (G) 0 $the$ Next day we (L) had $went on$ (G) 0 $a$ trip to Rome. (G) 0 $a$ Bus arrived at our hotel and we (G) get $got$ in with other people from our hotel. We saw many (G) monument $monuments$ (G) this $that$ day (P) . $,$ For example (G) 0 $the$ (F) Coloseum $Colosseum$, (G) 0 $an$ obelisk (L) or $and$ (G) 0 $the$ Vatican Square. (G) 0 $the$ Next three days (G) was $were$ similar to (G) 0 $the$ first day. We were by the sea and playing games. After that we (G) must $had to$ leave and I was sad. This was (G) 0 $the$ best week (X) from $of$ my holidays. (W) And $0$ what about you Peter? How were (G) yours $your$ holidays? 2 Dear Martin (P) . $,$ I want to say (W) u $0$ hey from my holidays (P) 0 $.$ I am sending you this email (P) , $0$ because I want to share (W) with you my holidays $my holidays with you$. I was on (G) 0 $a$ very old bridge and it was (G) 0 $a$ really good (F) ex-pirience $experience$ for me. (W) Too I was fishing with my (F) ancle $uncle$ $too$ and we (G) catch $caught$ a lot of (G) fishis $fish$ (P) 0 $.$ I like to spend my free time with my family. Usually it (W) 0 $is$ (G) a $0$ really fun. I will be happy if u send me back an email (X) with $about$ (W) you story of $0$ your holiday. I was (W) one (F) weak $week$ on holidays with my grandparents (X) 0 $for$ $on holidays with my grandparents for one week$. We were going (X) on $to$ swimming pools and (X) 0 $on$ small hikes. (W) And $0$ (W) with $0$ my mom Stella and dad Michal and sister Klara (W) 0 $and I$ were (F) sking $skiing$ in (G) 0 $the$ Alps. (G) 0 $the$ Sky was blue and (G) 0 $the$ weather was (F) beatifull $beautiful$ for (F) sking $skiing$. (W) In (G) 0 $the$ Alps (W) 0 $there$ was (L) in summer $although it was summer$ still (G) very much $a lot$ (X) of $0$ snow $There was still a lot of snow in the Alps (W) 0 $although$ it was summer$ (P) 0 $,$ like 2 or 3 meters of snow for skiing and snowboarding and for other snow (L) fun $activities$ . After (G) 0 $the$ Alps we (G) go $went$ to Croatia (P) . $0$ Because we APPENDIX C: ERROR DOMAINS B1 138 (G) want $wanted$ to swim in (G) 0 $the$ sea. (W) And $0$ we (G) had $0$ found places in (G) 0 $a$ national park Kamenjak (P) . $,$ And there u can go (G) jump $jumping$ (X) for $from$ (F) beutifull $beautiful$ (F) clifts $cliffs$. (W) And $0$ (G) 0 $you$ can go and dive to see salt water (F) fishis $fishes$. U can practice your climbing (F) skils $skills$ in deep water solo climbing it (W) 0 $is$ (G) 0 $a$ style of climbing without rope. U only need boots, and (G) 0 $a$ (L) swimming dress $swimsuit$. I wish you best for your future (P) 0 $,$ bye. 3 Hello Jeremy how was your holiday (P) . $?$ My holiday was perfect. I am (G) gone $go-ing to$ start with (G) 0 $my$ trip to France. (L) Me and my family $my family and I$ were in Paris for one week. We (G) visit $visited$ (G) 0 $the$ (F) eiffel $Eiffel$ (F) tower $Tower$, (L) it $there$ was (G) 0 $a$ very beautiful view from there. Then we (G) visit $visited$ (G) 0 $a$ zoo and (G) (L) been on $had$ (G) 0 $a$ perfect dinner (P) 0 $;$ I (G) was having $had$ (G) oyster $oysters$ and some (F) sea food $seafood$. On the way back (X) to $0$ home we (G) visit $visited$ (F) mont $Mont$ Blanc and (G) been $went$ hik-ing. When we arrived I was (W) all the time at (G) 0 $my$ (P) grandpas $grandpa’s$ and (P) grandmas $grandma’s$ house $at grandpa’s and grandma’s house all the time$. I was enjoying time with my (F) frinds $friends$ from there. We were cycling and (G) (L) get $went$ to the swimming pool. I met some new people. We (G) (L) ’ve been $went$ (X) on $to$ some (F) partyes $parties$ together and it was (G) 0 $a$ (F) grate $great$ (F) ex-pirience $experience$. (L) Like in $At around$ half (G) 0 $the$ holiday I (L) was $went$ on (L) next $another$ trip with my family. It was in Teplické skály. It was amazing. There was beautiful nature and very good weather. I was really upset (F) becouse $because$ we were (L) the $there$ for just three days. We were sleeping in (G) 0 $a$ tent (P) 0 $;$ it was (G) 0 $a$ (F) grate $great$ (F) expiriance $experience$. After we (G) come $came$ back home I was just chilling by the pool getting some drinks and good food (P) . $,$ Just hav-ing (G) 0 $a$ good time. I am very curious about your holiday. I hope u (L) spent $had$ (G) 0 $a$ (F) grate $great$ time like me (P) 0 $,$ (F) pleas $please$ write back. Later we can (G) met $meet$ (X) in $at$ (G) 0 $a$ pub. With love (P) 0 $,$ LR 4 Hi (F) budy $buddy$, thanks for the last email, I was so shocked (W) 0 $to hear$ where you were. The landscape was beautiful, but now I would like to tell you where I was on the last holiday. It was spring holiday and we, as usual, went (G) ski $skiing$ (X) to $at$ some mountain or (G) 0 $a$ hill (L) that $but$ I have no idea (L) how $what$ (W) do $0$ (W) they call $it is called$. Our (F) accomodation $accommodation$ was, as usual, (G) 0 $a$ friendly “moun-tain” cottage, with friendly people. We arrived (W) like $0$ around 6 pm, and I (L) enjoyed $had$ a lot of fun (W) time $0$ with my friend. And the next day, finally, we went (G) ski $skiing$. As you (L) should $may$ know I like skiing so much and I really enjoyed it. I (G) jump $jumped$ on “snow ramps”, (G) go $went$ through (G) 0 $the$ woods etc. APPENDIX C: ERROR DOMAINS B1 139 (W) And $0$ after this exhausting skiing we (W) can $0$ (G) sit $sat$ in front of (G) a $0$ huge dumplings with (W) povidlí $plum jam$. Then we (G) come $came$ back and (G) (L) enjoy $had$ a lot more fun again (P) , $;$ we (G) play $played$ table tennis, (W) table tennis $0$ but instead of (G) 0 $a$ table tennis ball (P) , $0$ (G) 0 $we$ (W) 0 $used$ (G) 0 $a$ tiny football (W) ball $0$, (G) play $played$ some games on phones or PC. (W) And $0$ before we (G) go $went$ (X) 0 $to$ (F) sleap $sleep$, we (G) watch $watched$ some series (L) or $and$ movies. Oh, I forgot…I was with my family on (W) at least $0$ one of the biggest roller (G) coaster $coasters$ in (G) 0 $the$ Czech Republic (P) 0 $.$ Well (P) 0 $,$ this is probably everything I’ve wanted to tell ya. I wish you all the best and I (L) wish $hope$ I’ll hear from you soon. O. 5 Hello, I am writing (X) 0 $to$ you about my last holidays. (W) Most of the time (W) that $0$ I (G) spend $spent$ $ (W) was $0$ $I spent most of the time$ with my family and my good friends. I (G) spend $spent$ a lot of time (X) by $0$ playing computer games with my friends. When I say a lot (P) 0 $,$ I mean really (G) 0 $a$ lot of time. We were playing like 12 hours a day. It was very unfortunate that you (F) (G) can not $couldn’t$ play with us. I hope we will see each other as soon as possible (P) , $0$ so we can play some games together. By the way (P) 0 $,$ I (G) start $started$ a new business with 2 of my friends. The business is about selling lego sets and minifigures. We are trying to find expensive minifigures and sealed lego sets for cheap and sell (G) 0 $them$ for some extra profit. We are using internet (G) website $websites$ like facebook marketplace and eBay to find these sets. It (G) take $takes$ a lot of time, but you can find lego sets for (G) 0 $a$ really good price there. Anyway (P) 0 $,$ what were you doing (X) in $over$ the (F) Last $last$ (F) Holidays $holidays$? You did not send any (G) message $messages$ to me for like a month. I hope nothing bad happened to you. Write me as soon as possible, we have many things to do. See you soon, E. 6 Hi Mark Sorry that I wasn’t in touch (X) 0 $for$ a while. Well (P) 0 $,$ it was (F) allmoust $al-most$ two months (P) . $,$ And because I didn’t write you (L) all the time $this whole time$ I (G) tell $will tell$ you (F) evrithing $everything$ (W) what $0$ I (G) do $did$. At the (F) begin $beginning$ of (G) 0 $the$ holiday I started (X) 0 $to$ work. It was (G) 0 $a$ hard job but (G) 0 $the$ money from that was (F) uncredible $incredible$. (F) Basicly $basically$ it (W) 0 $was$ just digging holes and (F) instaling $installing$ water (G) sys-tem $systems$ (X) on $in$ the gardens (X) 0 $of$ (L) too much $overly$ rich people (P) . $0$ And (G) cover $covering$ the hole (W) what $0$ you (L) done $made$. It was all in (G) 0 $the$ (F) firs $first$ (F) mounth $month$. Well (F) offcorse $of course$ I (G) do $did$ more things (F) then $than$ just work (P) 0 $,$ but that is a (F) diffrent $different$ APPENDIX C: ERROR DOMAINS B1 140 story. The second (F) mounth $month$ started (X) 0 $with$ (G) 0 $a$ family vacation in (F) Caratia $Croatia$. We (G) stay $stayed$ (F) ther $there$ (W) like for $for like$ ten days and it was (F) realy $really$ amazing. (G) 0 $the$ First day we spent on the beach and (G) enjoy $enjoyed$ (G) 0 $the$ (F) sun $Sun$ and (F) san $sand$. (G) 0 $the$ Sec-ond day we (F) (G) wisit $visited$ (G) 0 $an$ (F) (L) Fun $amusement$ (F) Park $park$. We (G) must $had to$ ride every (F) rollercoastr $roller coaster$. It was (G) 0 $a$ bad idea and (L) my (F) luch $lunch$ come out from me $I threw up my lunch$ (P) . $,$ But it was fun. (X) In $on$ (G) 0 $the$ (F) 3-rd $third$ day we (G) visit $visited$ (G) 0 $a$ his-torical tower next to (G) 0 $the$ hotel where we (L) (G) live $were staying$. There (G) was $were$ too many (G) stair $stairs$ (P) . $;$ It was (F) torchr $torture$ (P) . $,$ But (G) 0 $the$ view from the top was really amazing. The rest of the vacation we spent on the beach or (L) (G) visitings $going to$ pubs. After we (G) come $came$ back home I (G) give $gave$ my friends presents that I (G) buy $had bought$ for them (P) . $,$ And be-cause I got lots of money I (G) buy $bought$ some (F) shos $shoes$ and clothes (P) . $0$ For (G) me $myself$. (W) But $0$ I got one present for you (P) 0 $,$ Marek. I’ll give it to you when we meet again. Well, (P) thats $that’s$ all from me. Have a good (L) time $one$. 7 Hi Leoš, Thanks for your last email. It was great to hear from you! You asked me to tell you some-thing about my summer holidays. In the beginning I was ill. It was very bad for me (F) becouse $because$ I had big headaches and I couldn’t go anywhere I was ill (X) 0 $for$ only three days, (W) 0 $and$ I was very happy that I (G) am $was$ not ill (W) 0 $for any longer$ (F) becouse $because$ (L) now $then$ I could go to Italy with my family. The next morning when I woke up (P) 0 $,$ my father said that in the evening we (G) will $would$ go to Italy. I instantly went to my room and I packed some clothing and things I needed (X) to $into$ my suitcase. My parents love mountains, so we went to (G) 0 $the$ Alps, specifically to Jesolo. The way from Brno to Jesolo was long and boring, so we (F) decited $decided$ that we (G) will $would$ go to KFC for some (G) snack $snacks$. I or-dered Qunito, my father ordered two twisters for himself and my mother (P) 0 $,$ (W) 0 $and$ (P) , $0$ my brother ordered two BeSmants. When we arrived to Jesolo, my father was tired so we (F) decited $decided$ that we (G) will $would$ go to sleep for a while. We woke up in the afternoon, so we went on a small trip to the city. It was so lively! My mother bought some clothes, my brother some toys, we went to (G) the $a$ restaurant and then we went to our hotel. The next day we went to the mountains and the day after we went to (G) 0 $an$ aquapark. Then we went home. I really enjoyed it! Back soon, J. 8 Hi my dear friend. (F) Im $I’m$ writing you (F) beacuse $because$ you (G) want $wanted$ (X) 0 $to$ hear what I did last spring holiday. (W) So $0$ I will start with my first day. (G) 0 $the$ First day I was at home (F) besaue $because$ I was sick. (W) (G) 0 APPENDIX C: ERROR DOMAINS B1 141 $the$ Whole day I was on my computer $I was on my computer the whole day$ and I was playing some games with my friends. For example I (F) playd $played$ GTA5, R6 and more. (G) 0 $the$ Next day I went on (G) 0 $a$ trip with my family. It was amazing. I saw (G) 0 $a$ beautiful castle and I was on (G) 0 $a$ lookout tower and that view was so great. So (G) 0 $the$ third day I drove (X) on $to$ (G) 0 $the$ mountains where I (F) skiy $ski$. For your information (P) 0 $,$ I’m (G) 0 $a$ snowboarder (P) 0 $,$ I (G) not $don’t$ have (G) ski $skis$ (P) 0 $,$ but I have (G) 0 $a$ snowboard (F) und $and$ I love (F) snowbord $snowboarding$. I was there with my mom who has (G) ski $skis$. We (L) lived $stayed$ in (G) 0 $a$ (F) smal $small$ chalet in (G) 0 $the$ Beskydy. That same day in (G) 0 $the$ (F) ski-areal $ski area$ I met my good friend from my class from pri-mary school (P) . $,$ So that was funny (P) 0 $.$ I introduced her to my mom and then she had (G) 0 $a$ (F) launch $lunch$ with us. We (L) lived $stayed$ in Rožnov pod Radhoštěm (P) . $0$ And (L) this $it$ was (G) 0 $a$ (F) beatiful $beautiful$ city. (W) 0 $there were$ So many monuments (P) . $,$ For example (G) 0 $an$ ice museum (L) or $and$ (G) 0 $a$ (F) look out $lookout$ tower. There (G) was $were$ so many restaurants too. (G) 0 $the$ Next day we were on the (F) heightes $highest$ mountain in Beskydy (G) calling $called$ Radhošt. (W) (X) On $to$ the top we (L) drove $went$ (X) with $in$ (G) 0 $a$ (L) cabin $cable car$ $We went to the top in a cable car$. On the way (W) 0 $there$ was (G) 0 $a$ (F) beatiful $beautiful$ view and (G) 0 $a$ (F) beatiful $beautiful$ (W) skanzen $open-air museum$. (W) And $0$ (G) 0 $the$ last day I was at home again (P) . $,$ (W) And $0$ playing some games and watching films. (W) So $0$ I really enjoyed this spring holiday. Now you can write about your holidays. (W) And $0$ I really hope you (L) were $had$ good holidays like me. Bye my (G) (F) frinds $friend$. 9 Hello, I (G) 0 $am$ writing (W) this e-mail (X) for $0$ you $you this email$ about my (F) beati-ful $beautiful$ spring holidays because you (G) ask $asked$ (G) my $me$ to do it (P) 0 $,$ so here (W) is it $it is$. My spring holidays were amazing (P) , $.$ (G) 0 $the$ first half of (G) 0 $the$ week I was at home and I was going to some (F) party’s $parties$ with my friends and spending lots of time with them. (L) Another $the other$ half of (G) 0 $the$ week (L) (G) my $me$ and my family $my family and I$ (G) goes $went$ to (G) 0 $the$ mountains to ski there. We were (L) living $staying$ in (G) 0 $a$ (W) beautiful big $big beautiful$ cottage that one of (G) 0 $my$ (P) moms $mom’s$ friends gave us for (G) 0 $the$ second half (X) for $of$ (G) 0 $the$ week. (W) But $0$ we (G) don’t was $weren’t$ there alone. (G) Us $our$ friends also (G) come $came$ there (W) too $0$ so we (G) have $had$ lots of fun there. (G) 0 $the$ First day when we (G) arrive $arrived$ we just (G) unpacking $unpacked$ and then (G) reunite $reunited$ with (G) us $our$ friends because they (G) arrive $arrived$ (G) 0 $a$ little bit late and we (G) dont $didn’t$ (F) se $see$ them in like two years (F) becouse $because$ of (F) covid-19 $Covid-19$. (G) 0 $the$ Second day (P) 0 $,$ we went to the mountains to ski and it was really funny because (L) i and my dad $my dad and I$ (G) was $were$ (L) skiing on snowboard $snowboarding$ and we (G) dont stand $hadn’t stood $ stand on (G) snowboard $snowboards$ in like two years so we (G) (L) failing $were falling$ very often (P) 0 $,$ but it was fun. (G) 0 $the$ Third day we went (X) to APPENDIX C: ERROR DOMAINS B1 142 $0$ skiing again and it was better (P) 0 $;$ I (G) was don’t $wasn’t$ falling so often and it was (F) styl $still$ funny. (W) And $0$ (G) 0 $the$ fourth day (P) 0 $,$ (L) that $which$ (W) it $0$ was also (G) 0 $the$ last day (P) 0 $,$ we (G) wasn’t $didn’t$ go to mountains but we all (G) go $went$ for a walk in (G) 0 $the$ (F) beatiful $beautiful$ winter (L) na-ture $countryside$ and it was very nice. I think (F) thats $that’s$ all (P) 0 $.$ it was (G) 0 $a$ very good spring holiday (P) 0 $,$ I think (P) 0 $,$ and I hope you got (G) 0 $the$ same holidays like me and I hope you will (W) too write (G) my $me$ about them $write me about them too$. See (P) , $0$ ya 10 Hi Adam, thank you for your e-mail about your summer holidays. My holidays were so nice too, I was in Barcelona for two weeks. My parents wanted to fly to Paris, but my brother and I wanted to go to Barcelona (P) 0 $,$ so we flew there. I really love Barcelona because I play soccer and FC Barcelona is my favourite soccer club (P) 0 $,$ and I (G) (F) allways wanted $have always wanted$ to visit their stadium and (L) look $see$ how (F) (F) beatiful $beautifully$ they can play soccer. We were also in the town and it was so lively (P) , $;$ (G) 0 $the$ (G) peoples $people$ there are so nice. Our hotel was small (P) , $0$ but comfy and with (G) 0 $a$ (F) beatiful $beautiful$ view (X) on $of$ the sea. The weather was nice (G) 0 $the$ whole two weeks (P) 0 $,$ something (X) about $around$ 30 degrees, so we (G) can $could$ go to the sea. One day we were in (G) the $a$ restaurant where they cooked seafood (P) 0 $,$ so I had mussels (X) 0 $for$ (G) 0 $the$ first time in my life and I must say they were delicious. My dad had (G) had $0$ an octopus and I (G) don’t $didn’t$ like it. The next day I (G) was $0$ tried to ride a motorcycle because I re-ally like riding (G) a $0$ (G) motorcycle $motorcycle$. So (L) it $these$ were my summer holidays, I guess they were one of the best holidays in my life. I wish you all the best (P) 0 $,$ Adam (P) 0 $,$ and have a nice day. 11 Hi Sam, I hope you are well. Are you looking forward to the spring holiday? Thank you for your previous e-mail (P) . $,$ It (G) ’s $was$ great to hear from you. I’m writing to you because I want (X) 0 $to$ invite you to visit me during the holiday. We could visit the historic museum or spend days at the beach. After we can go wander around the shopping centre if (G) 0 $the$ weather is bad. We can visit some historic places. My friends would love to spend more time with you too (P) 0 $,$ so (P) , $0$ we could hang out with them in that cafe you like or we can go on a (P) one day $one-day$ trip to the beach. What do you think? I think it would be amazing to spend a few weeks with you in Spain. We would have so much fun! I know how much you love Spain. We can go to (G) the $0$ Barcelona together. Barcelona is such a (F) beatiful $beautiful$ city with (G) beautifuls $beautiful$ places. We can go and see a football match in Barcelona. After (P) 0 $,$ we can try out some food at a local restaurant. In the next few days we may (L) have $want$ to go on a hike (P) . $,$ And it wouldn’t be expensive (P) 0 $,$ as you can stay with us in the apart-ment. Best wishes, I’ll see you soon. Adam APPENDIX C: ERROR DOMAINS B1 143 12 Dear John, I’m writing you this email (X) from $about$ our trip. I’m in our hotel room right now. London is (G) 0 $a$ very beautiful city. Yesterday we saw (G) the $0$ Big Ben(P) . $,$ It was really crowded. There were a lot of people looking at (G) the $0$ Big Ben. After that (P) 0 $,$ we visited (G) 0 $the$ museum of (F) wox $wax$ figures. There (G) were $was$ a figure of Donald Trump. (X) At $for$ (G) the $0$ lunch we (G) have $had$ a chicken (F) sop $soup$ in (G) 0 $a$ famous restaurant. (G) 0 $the$ Food was (F) delitius $deli-cious$ (P) . $,$ But it wasn’t cheap. One bowl of soup cost 5 pounds. We went out of the restaurant and something (L) unexpectable $unexpected$ (F) happend $happened$. One man walked (X) around $by$ us and grabbed (G) 0 $my$ (P) moms $mom’s$ bag and (G) run $ran$ away. (G) 0 $my$ Dad (G) want $wanted$ to (F) chatch $catch$ him (P) 0 $,$ but he wasn’t fast enough (P) . $0$ So he called police. We waited. When (G) 0 $the$ po-lice arrived (G) 0 $my$ dad (L) say $told them (P) , $0$ what (G) happen $had happened$. (G) 0 $my$ Mom was (F) sceared $scared$, so we decided (X) 0 $to$ go to our hotel room and calm down. (X) At $in$ the afternoon we were watching (G) 0 $the$ TV and were waiting for (G) 0 $a$ call from the police. (X) At $0$ the next (W) day $0$ morning we went to breakfast and we decided to visit the London Eye. The view (X) of $from$ (G) 0 $the$ London Eye was (F) beutiful $beautiful$. We saw the (F) Themse $Thames$ and boats on it. I really liked it. Before our departure (G) 0 $a$ (L) police $police officer$ (G) (L) take $gave$ (X) to $0$ (G) 0 $my$ mom her bag. He (G) catch $caught$ him. We went home by plane (P) . $,$ (G) 0 $the$ Flight was nice. I hope you’re ok. Have a nice (F) holyday $holiday$. S 13 To my dear friend Štěpán It’s been so long, Štěpán, how are you? I need to share my adventure from (G) 0 $the$ spring holiday. When the holiday started, (L) me and (G) 0 $a$ few other people $a few other people and I$ went camping by the lake. When (G) 0 $the$ evening came we (G) gather $gathered$ some sticks and paper and created a fireplace (P) . $,$ Then we cooked some meat and (L) made $prepared$ some corn and (F) marshmallowes $marshmallows$ (P) . $;$ They were delicious! After that (P) 0 $,$ we (W) went for a walk first $first went for a walk$ by the lake and then to the nearby forest. The forest was mysterious (P) , $;$ the sound and the atmosphere (G) was $were$ great, but (F) sudenly $suddenly$ we heard a loud noise coming from the deepest and darkest part of the forest. We were really scared. Then we did something that only dumb kids do and went deep inside (G) 0 $the$ darkness. We were (F) absolutly $absolutely$ (F) terified $terrified$. We went further and further and (F) than $then$ we heard a loud scream. At that moment I did not know if I (G) want $wanted$ to continue (P) 0 $,$ but I did not know (G) a $the$ way back to (G) 0 $the$ camp so I went along with my group. After some time we found a caravan(P) . $;$ We knew that this was source of the noise (P) 0 $,$ so we (G) sneaked $snuck$ right behind and then we saw a family playing Monopoly (P) , $;$ they were screaming (P) , $0$ be-cause someone (G) lost $had lost$. We thought that they killed someone, but they were APPENDIX C: ERROR DOMAINS B1 144 only playing family games. So (P) 0 $,$ this was my story from my last holiday. I hope you liked it. Also(P) 0 $,$ I hope we will see (F) eachother $each other$ soon. Thanks for reading H 14 Dear Putin, you asked me (P) , $0$ what (W) (G) have I done $I did$ on my summer holiday in 2021. I was either home with my family, out with my friends, or I was on vacation. You (L) may $might$ (L) ask $wonder$, where (W) was I $I was$ on my vacation. I was (X) at $in$ Mallorca. We stayed at a five star hotel (P) , $0$ that was about 100 meters away from (G) 0 $the$ beach. The beach and the sea were really beautiful. It wasn’t dirty and there weren’t any rocks at all. There were also fishes swimming in the sea (P) . $;$ I even (G) catched $caught$ one with my bare hands. One day, we went on a boat trip there. We were diving the whole day, and I saw a lot of fishes and corals in the sea. The food at the hotel was very nice too (P) . $;$ You could pick whatever you wanted. By the way, at first, we were planning to visit your country (P) 0 $,$ Russia, but due to covid (P) , $0$ it was nearly impossible, so we visited Mallorca. When we got back home (P) 0 $,$ I was playing PC games for about 3 days, and then I started to go out with my friends a lot. I also went (X) on $to$ some sleepovers, and I en-joyed it a lot. I spent the last week of holiday (X) in $at$ a (F) tenis $tennis$ day camp with my friend. I (G) ’ve $0$ made some friends there, and I (G) ’ve $0$ learnt to play (F) tenis $tennis$ a bit better. I (G) ’ve $0$ really enjoyed these holidays, and I can’t wait for the next summer holidays. I hope you’ll stop invading Ukraine, so we (G) could $can$ finally visit Russia this time. Anyway, how was your holiday? Your V. 15 Hello Jeremy. How are you? Hope you’re doing well (F) becouse $because$ you (G) didn’t text $haven’t texted$ me for a long time (P) . $,$ So I (F) tought $thought$ it would be better if I (G) write $wrote$ you an email and maybe you will (F) awnser $answer$ me (W) on it $0$ First of all (P) 0 $,$ I would like to tell you about what (F) happend $happened$ in the past week of holidays. On the first day my dad bought a “new” bike. It was an old M2 ETZ 150. She was so dirty (L) so $that$ I spent 3 days of cleaning and repairing it (F) becouse $because$ the clutch was broken. But the most dirty part was (G) 0 $the$ (F) carburator $carburettor$ (F) wich $which$ was full of some green mess. After completing and fixing all the jets of the (F) carburator $carburettor$ I started fixing some (L) electric $electron-ics$ of the bike. We had to change some fuses (F) becouse $because$ (F) thei $they$ were (L) burned $blown$ and also the spark plug. Finally on the 4th day of our repair (P) 0 $,$ the bike was completed and ready to start. The next day I spent riding it across the fields of our (F) villige $village$. Suddenly (P) 0 $,$ I ran out of gas almost 2 and half kilometres away from the village so I had to push it all the way back (X) to $0$ home. That day was very cold (P) 0 $,$ so due to this I (G) ’ve $0$ got (G) 0 $a$ cold and I had to stay at home APPENDIX C: ERROR DOMAINS B1 145 for the rest of the holidays. (W) But $0$ it wasn’t that bad (P) 0 $,$ I spent it on the com-puter playing CS:GO and I finally (F) aquired $acquired$ 1K hours on it. I bought a few new skins and achieved a new rank on wingwans (P) 0 $,$ So (G) it $they$ (G) was $were$ pretty good holidays. (W) And $0$ what about your holidays? I hope you will text me back. See ya K APPENDIX D: ERROR DOMAINS B2 146 Appendix D: Error Domains B2 1 Hello Derek, <W> (G) 0 $I$ Am writing you an email about my last holiday. At the end of the school (W) 0 $year$ I was so excited (X) on $for$ holidays that I (G) count $was counting$ every hour. When the holidays finally (G) start $started$ my mom (G) tells $told$ me that we (G) 0 $were$ going on (G) 0 $a$ trip to (G) $Poland’s$ Poland biggest waterpark. I was so ex-cited that I (F) imediately $immediately$ (G) start $started$ packing all my (G) stuffs $stuff$. (G) 0 $the$ Night before the trip I couldn’t sleep (P) , $;$ I was dreaming about the big famous waterslide and waterjets. I was so happy that I watched all (G) 0 $the$ youtube (F) videous $videos$ about the (F) watepark $waterpark$. It was (F) Frydry $Fri-day$ morning and we (G) 0 $were$ finally preparing for the trip. My dad (G) starts $started$ cleaning (G) 0 $the$ car and fixing tires. My mum and my older sister (G) was $were$ preparing (F) sandwitches $sandwiches$. It was 13:00 (X) at $in$ the (L) evening $afternoon$ and we finally (L) (G) go $got$ (X) to $in$ (G) 0 $the$ car and (G) start $started$ driving to Poland. After (G) 0 $an$ hour my dad noticed that some of the cars (G) $were$ honking (X) on $at$ us, then my dad saw a big oil line (L) dropping $leaking$ dropping from our car. We (G) don’t $didn’t$ know what to do so we (G) stop $stopped$ at the nearest gas station. My mom (G) calls $called$ her brother Jake. Jake (G) tell $told$ us we (G) can’t $couldn’t$ continue because the car (G) will $would$ (F) breake $break$. We asked him what to do and he (G) send $sent$ us to his friend. When we arrived to his friend (G) Paul $Paul’s$ he (G) tell $told$ us he (G) can $could$ fix it but we (G) need $needed$ to wait 15 days. My dad (G) pay $paid$ for (G) 0 $the$ car and we (G) call $called$ an Uber home. This (G) is $was$ the end of our trip and it was a big failure. Hope you (G) have $had$ (G) 0 $a$ better holiday. Bye, see you on Monday. 2 Hey Beth! I just arrived home from the airport. The traffic was terrible, ugh! Anyways I don’t rly know if I even told you I was going to Greece…Must’ve slipped my mind. It’s not like I was on some fancy vacation anyways lol. Since grandparents passed, there isn’t anyone who’s able to keep the majestic garden pretty (P) . $;$ So that’s one reason I flew there. You won’t even believe the disaster I saw. I hope you remember those burgundy roses…Well, they weren’t there! Someone must’ve stolen them. I was really pissed off (P) . $,$ But at least after that I took the bus to the (F) cementary $cemetery$ (P) , $0$ where they rest (P) , $0$ and everything was the same as when I left. Just had to clean the cross a little bit, but no big deal. Anyways, there’s a huge festival going on right now, so I stayed in Greece for two more days than I (G) 0 $had$ (L) firstly $initially$ planned on. I hon-estly don’t even know what they (G) celebrated $were celebrating$, but since most of them were wearing some sort of “antique (G) gods $gods’$ robes”, I guess it had something to do with them. But I don’t remember much (P) 0 $,$ honestly, ‘cause I was pretty wined up in the evenings :D. But it was great (P) 0 $,$ overall (P) , $;$ lots of dancing and music, everyone was friendly. Can’t wait to get back there…This time with you! APPENDIX D: ERROR DOMAINS B2 147 I hope you won’t let me down on this <3 Take care, A 3 Hey Dick, how you doing (P) . $?$ (G) 0 $the$ Last time you were asking me (P) , $0$ what I (G) am $was$ doing on my holiday (P) . $,$ So I’m texting you about this holiday I’ve had. Well on (G) 0 $the$ 31st (X) 0 $of$ July I was going on a vacation with my fam-ily. We went (X) on $to$ Mallorca. I must say we waited like two hours (X) on $at$ (G) 0 $the$ (F) Wienna $Vienna$ airport coz our (F) fligt $flight$ (G) have been $was$ delayed. (G) 0 $my$ Dad was angry as hell (P) 0 $,$ so we went to buy some alcohol. When (G) 0 $the$ plane finally arrived and we got (F) onboard $on board$ I was so happy to see Mal-lorca again. (X) On $at$ <G> 0 $the$ Mallorca airport (which (W) is btw $ (P) 0 $,$ btw (P) 0 $,$ is$ (G) 0 $the$ 2nd largest airport in Europe) me and my family went (F) trough $through$ (G) 0 $a$ big long (L) hall $hallway$ and I started laughing. My family was like (P) „ $”$ Yo (P) 0 $,$ what are you doing (P) . $?$” So I said (P) $”$ „Look (P) 0 $,$ their flight (G) have $has$ like (G) 0 $a$ twelve (P) 0 $-$ (G) hours $hour$ delay.” After that all of us (G) start $started$ laughing coz we were glad our plane had only (G) 0 $a$ two (P) 0 $-$ (G) hours $hour$ delay. Then we went to my (F) aunts $aunt’s$ house. (G) 0 $the$ Next few days I was just chilling on the beach. One day (L) me and my dad $my dad and I$ went fishing on (G) 0 $a$ boat with my uncle. Must say we (F) cought $caught$ (G) 0 $a$ lot of fish. (G) 0 $my$ Dad caught a big one (P) 0 $;$ (G) she $it$ (L) had $weighed$ seven to ten kilos (P) 0 $,$ I don’t remember now. I almost (F) caugh $caught$ (G) 0 $a$ swordfish but (G) he $it$ got away.  On (G) 0 $the$ way back we (L) found $spotted$ (G) $a$ whale and two dolphins. That’s all (P) 0 $,$ have a great weekend dawg. 4 Whatsupp my friend! How (W) $is it$ its going? I’m not doing well (P) , $0$ because my holiday really (G) doesn’t go $isn’t going$ as I planned. First of all, the weather wasn’t re-ally good so I stayed (W) most of the time in my room $in my room most of the time$. Then after like (X) in $0$ three or five days (P) 0 $,$ I (G) get $got$ sick, my head (L) was like a big explosion $felt like it was about to explode$ and my neck was even worse (P), $0$ because I (G) feel $felt$ a lot of pain in my throat when I (G) swallow $swal-lowed$ and I hate it. After two days of pain I was starting to heal (G) myself $0$ and I (G) gets $got$ much better. After that (P) 0 $,$ me and my family really wanted to go (X) 0 $on$ some trip to (G) 0 $a$ forest, it was something like (G) 0 $a$ (P) $”$ (F) healty $health$ walk”, because when I was (G) lock $locked$ in my room and sick I (W) really (G) get $got$ $got really$ sad. You for sure know that feeling when you get sick and you (G) laying $lay$ for two (L) and $or$ more days in the bed so (G) you’re $your$ mental (F) heal $health$ also (G) go $goes$ down (P) 0 $.$ (F) thanks $thank$ God (P) . $,$ Now (G) 0 $I$ am (W) (F) not finnaly $finally not$ sick at all so I want (W) you to ask $to ask you$ (P) 0 $,$ when (G) 0 $will$ we meet (X) 0 $up$ (G) each other $0$? I (G) didn’t $haven’t$ seen you (X) for $in$ for so long…  So (P) 0 $,$ now tell me (P) 0 $,$ (L) APPENDIX D: ERROR DOMAINS B2 148 what $how$ was (G) you’re $your$ holiday? I really hope you (G) have $had$ it much better than me…So write or call me soon! Bye! 5 Hey (G) men $man$, I know it has been (G) 0 $a$ long time since I wrote you a letter. As always (P) 0 $,$ I will tell you about my holiday because it is our favourite thing to do. I started my holiday with (G) 0 $a$ trip to our capital city (P) 0 $,$ Prague. It was nice be-cause I was finally able to see my long distance friends after so long. We all met at (G) 0 $the$ main train station, (F) huged $hugged$ (F) eachother $each other$ and got some-thing to eat. We (G) have $0$ bought something to eat and then started shopping for food and other things we (G) will $would$ need for our stay in Prague. When we were finally at the place we were supposed to stay for the night, we started making the meat we bought on the grill. After that we were so full (P) 0 $,$ we just talked for (L) another $the next$ 2 hours (F) untill $until$ it got dark. Then everybody took some wine, beer or other drinks we (G) $had$ bought and we (G) have $0$ slowly walked to our favourite spot where we just (G) drinked $drank$, talked and listened to music we all like. We even met Ceska tele-vize, they asked us if they (G) can $could$ use us in their report, but we (F) didnot $did not$ agree (P) 0 $,$ so they left. 6 Wassap Honza I didn’t (G) saw $see$ you for (G) 0 $a$ long time, so I (G) want $wanted$ to tell you about my last holiday. Last Summer I went on holiday to Mallorca. We travelled by (G) the $0$ plane and that was very tiring because (G) 0 $the$ (F) fly $flight$ took about 3 hours. When we arrived (P) 0 $,$ we went (X) 0 $to$ find our (F) suit cases $suitcases$ and (F) than $then$ (G) wait $waited$ for the bus. (G) 0 $the$ Bus took us to the hotel (P) 0 $,$ and there they registered (F) aus $us$ and gave us the card for (G) 0 $the$ hotel room. (G) 0 $the$ Next day we had (F) breakfest $breakfast$ and (F) than $then$ we looked for some interesting monuments and places (W) where $0$ to go. We (G) finded $had found$ some cool places before we (L) took $0$ (G) fly $flew$ to Mallorca, but half of (G) that $those$ places were closed. (G) 0 $the$ First (W) 0 $one$ (L) what $that$ we visited was (G) 0 $an$ old historical monument on the island. (L) next $over the next few$ days we visited (G) 0 $the$ rest (X) 0 $of$ (G) 0 $the$ places that we (G) choosed $chose$. (L) Last $Over the last few$ days we went to (G) spent $spend$ (G) 0 $some$ time on the beach, enjoy swimming, surfing and things like that. (G) 0 $the$ Last day we (L) took $had$ our last breakfast and then we went (X) 0 $to$ (G) packed $pack$ (G) 0 $the$ (F) suit cases $suitcases$, cleared (G) 0 $the$ room and waited for the bus. Because our (F) fly $flight$ (L) had time $was leaving$ in the evening, we were so sleepy but we did it G! Yea (G) 0 $the$ (F) fly $flight$ took (W) again about 3 hours $again about 3 hours$, but it was much easier to stay (L) wake up $awake$. So (G) this $that$ (G) is $was$ my (W) last $0$ summer (P) 0 $,$ (W) and $0$ what about you? (G) Had you $Did you have$ (G) 0 $a$ good holiday (P) 0 $,$ too? If you write me something about your holiday (P) 0 $,$ I’ll be happy! (W) So $0$ see you soon bro! APPENDIX D: ERROR DOMAINS B2 149 7 Hello my friend, you asked me about my last holiday. Well (P) 0 $,$ I would say my holiday was pretty good (P) . $,$ (L) Even that $even though$ it was not exactly in (G) 0 $the$ holiday spirit. You (G) 0 $are$ probably wondering why. I would say it is (P) , $0$ because I spent (G) 0 $a$ part of my holiday at summer schools. (G) 0 $the$ First summer school I was in (P) , $0$ was (G) 0 $an$ IT summer school for girls. (L) Firstly $at first$ I was kinda scared to go there (P) , $0$ because I didn’t know anyone (P) . $,$ So I thought no one (G) will $would$ talk to me. But in the end I (W) had really $really had$ fun and I’m happy I went there. But to tell you what (W) was the school about $the school was about$ (P) . $,$ We (G) was $were$ learning about HTML, CSS, and Java Script. But it wasn’t just about web-sites (P) . $,$ We also learned how to make something in InkScape (P). $0$ Which is used for vector (F) graphic $graphics$. My (F) secund $second$ summer school was totally (F) diferent $different$ than the first one. It is because my second school was (G) 0 $a$ dance school The school was (L) more $specifically$ focused on one dance style and that (G) is $was$ clogging. But don’t worry (P) 0 $,$ it was not just about clogging (P) , $;$ once a day we had (G) 0 $a$ dance class where we (G) was $were$ learning (F) diferent $differ-ent$ styles of dance. Every day we had (L) another $a different$ dance style. I really (G) enjoy $enjoyed$ that. (G) 0 $the$ Last summer school was a little similar to the first one. It was also about IT (P) . $,$ But I didn’t like it that much. I would say (G) it’s $it was$ because it looked like it was more for people who already knew something about Python. But that’s okay (P) 0 $,$ I survived it anyway. ☺ Have a nice day, K 8 Whazzup M8, hope ur doing great. Don’t try to skip this mail just cuz it’s (G) long $longer$ than (G) 0 $the$ Bible. (W) 0 $it is$ Time for (G) 0 $a$ recap of my summer (I expect yo to send me one too). (G) 0 $the$ First month was kinda boring, (W) 0 $I had$ work during (G) 0 $the$ week, then (G) 0 $I was$ helping (G) 0 $my$ grandparents on (G) 0 $the$ weekends, u know how it works. Yet the second month got more interesting. As the summer goes and good vibes flow in the air, people start to (L) make $throw$ par-ties either to end in bed with somebody, or just to get wasted and I received a lot of invites. I guess most of them were accidental (P) 0 $,$ where (G) 0 $the$ owner mass sent (F) in-vitions $invitations$ to everyone (X) in $on$ their contact list. U know, like that one (W) 0 $time$ when you (F) accidentaly $accidentally$ sent (G) 0 $a$ meme to your boss instead of me. So I tried (F) ta $to$ attend most of them (P) 0 $,$ hoping I (F) cold $could$ go to all of them, but that was kinda impossible as sometimes (W) 0 $there$ were two of them at the same time (P) , $;$ which (G) is $was$ (G) 0 $a$ shame (P) , $0$ that these people know each other (P) 0 $,$ yet can’t (L) cooperate $coordinate$ at all. Sometimes watching how some people can’t cooperate and act like children about it is just hella cringe. Parties were mostly 2 (G) type $types$ (P) 0 $:$ “yo, we got a swimming pool” or “yo my parents got XXXL size living room and we got 2 floors”. Drugs, alcohol, girls (G) 0 $were$ either tossed to (G) 0 $the$ swimming pool or showered in beer by some ultra wasted dude. I APPENDIX D: ERROR DOMAINS B2 150 always waited till half of (G) 0 $the$ people got drunk or high, higher than (G) 0 $the$ Eiffel (F) tower $Tower$ and then I started drinking some beer. Most of (G) 0 $the$ par-ties were boring (P) , $...$ but hey, free beer. You (G) got $get$ the point. So anyway, thanks for (W) 0 $your$ response in advance. H 9 Hi Philip! How are you? Haven’t heard from you in a while. I had (G) 0 $a$ very busy holiday this year. Well, the first week was pretty calm (P) . $,$ But the next 2 weeks were really busy. (L) I $me$ and my girlfriend $my girlfriend and I$ went on (G) 0 $a$ “Grand grandma tour” (P) . $,$ Where we were visiting both (G) my $mine$ and my (G) girlfriends $girl-friend’s$ (G) family $families$. We enjoyed the first week of this tour. But the other week was so exhausting because we just had enough of our families and (X) in $at$ the end of this we were glad (G) we’re $we were$ alone. The next week we were alone in our flat and it was amazing! Usually we live with (G) ones $one$ or the (G) others $other’s$ parents. But this time we were our own (L) lords $bosses$ and we really enjoyed it. We cooked a lot of stuff ourselves and we began to (L) be $get$ very good at it. We tried (G) 0 $a$ vari-ety of healthy salads, we (L) did $made$ our own sushi (P) . $,$ We even baked two pies! The rest of the holiday was simple (P) . $;$ I was working $for three weeks$ (X) in $at$ (G) 0 $a$ company (P) , $0$ where my dad works as well, (W) for three weeks $0$. The company is in (G) 0 $a$ foreign country, Slovakia. Of course (P) 0 $,$ because of this job (P) 0 $,$ (L) me and my girlfriend $my girlfriend and I$ were separated (P) 0 $,$ and when it all ended we were relieved that we (G) can $could$ be together all the time again. How was your holiday? Did you enjoy it? Best wishes, M 10 Hi Mark, What have you been up to lately? How (G) was $were$ (G) 0 $the$ rest of the holidays af-ter we parted ways in Marseille? That afternoon I went to a nearby restaurant with Jesse and we ordered some snails. I’ve never had them before (P) 0 $,$ so I was scared to try them, but in the end they weren’t that bad. (G) 0 $the$ Next day we had to (G) woke $wake$ up early since our flight was departing at six fifteen in (G) 0 $the$ morning. The flight was okay until this baby behind us started crying like halfway through our flight. Luckily for us (P) 0 $,$ we landed in Brno (X) in $0$ less than (G) 0 $an$ hour after the incident. We took a taxi to Jesse’s house, I helped her (L) grab $carry$ the baggage to her flat and then I went home on foot. Oh (P) 0 $,$ I almost forgot, that necklace you lost, was it green? Because I found one near our hotel that looked similar to yours. I took it with me so when we see each other (G) 0 $the$ next time you can look if it’s yours or not. Well an-yways after I got home I went straight to sleep. (G) 0 $the$ Next day it was Thursday I think, I did a bit of work and then went to sleep again. For (G) 0 $the$ rest of the week I wasn’t really doing much. Actually (P) 0 $,$ I wasn’t doing much for the rest of the holi-days (P) . $,$ Except (X) 0 $for$ (G) 0 $a$ few small trips (P) 0 $,$ I was just chilling. Anyways (P) 0 $,$ I hope you’re doing well. Say hello to Mary and your family for me. APPENDIX D: ERROR DOMAINS B2 151 Haven’t seen them in a long time… Hit me up when you (G) ’ll be $are$ free after work someday and don’t overdo it with beer. C ya later, D 11 Hi Matt, How are you doing? Sorry for not texting earlier (P) 0 $,$ I was enjoying holidays. First (P) 0 $,$ I went to Brazil to see Rio. The flight took a while (P) 0 $,$ but it was definitely worth (W) 0 $it$. Rio was beautiful. We had very nice weather too(P) 0 $,$ so it was even better. We managed to visit Rio while there was some (F) carneval $carnival$ happening. We even went to the statue of Jesus above the city. When we got back we were at home for (G) 0 $a$ few days (P) 0 $,$ resting and getting ready for our next trip (P) 0 $,$ which was to Egypt. It was insanely hot there. (L) When $every time$ we went somewhere throughout the day we were almost dying. But we went to see the pyramids and they are huge. Can’t believe people managed to build that. Otherwise (P) 0 $,$ we (G) spend $spent$ a lot of time either at a pool or seaside because of how hot it was there. So the only possible times you could do anything (G) was $were$ either early in the morning or late evening. But anyway (P) 0 $,$ it was fun and (G) 0 $a$ very nice place. On our way back we had a stop in Rome. We stayed there for (G) 0 $a$ few days. We walked through the city center. We even got to the (F) Coloseum $Colosseum$. For dinner we had the best pizza I have ever eaten. One evening there was a football match and no (P) 0 $,$ we didn’t go there (P) 0 $,$ but there was like (G) 0 $a$ (F) milion $million$ people all of a sudden. So that was kinda crazy but after that we went back home. Anyway (P) 0 $,$ can’t wait to hear about your holiday. See you soon. 12 Hello Ondra, How are you? How was your holiday? I started my last holiday (X) with $at$ (G) 0 $the$ gym and (F) than $then$ I was with my friends in (G) 0 $the$ centre of Brno. We talked about (G) 0 $the$ best school year and about fitness. My friends are very good because I can talk with (G) they $them$ about any-thing. After this talk (P) 0 $,$ we walked (X) in $around$ Petrov and then we went to (G) the $a$ (F) Restaurant $restaurant$. It was (G) 0 $a$ (L) Pizza restaurant $pizzeria$ and we (G) order $ordered$ pizzas. After (G) this $these$ good pizzas I went to my (G) friend $friend’s$. She is from Russia, (F) butt $but$ she is my very good friend. We were in (G) 0 $the$ centre and we (G) walked $were walking$ and talking about our (F) lifes $lives$. That was my first day after 9 months at school. (G) 0 $the$ Next 14 days I was with my friends in the gym or (X) in $at$ (G) the $0$ work. After (G) this $these$ 14 days (W) we (L) had $got$ (F) a $an$ idea with my friends $my friends and I got an idea$. We wanted to (L) see something $go sightseeing$ (P) 0 $,$ so we (L) did $made$ (G) the $a$ plan and then we (L) started a trip $headed out$. One of these friends is 30 (G) year $years$ old so we had a car. (G) 0 $the$ First (L) break $stop$ was in Olomouc (P) 0 $,$ we ate APPENDIX D: ERROR DOMAINS B2 152 something and then we (G) go $went$ to the largest bridge (X) on $in$ the world. It was in Jeseniky. It was (G) 0 $a$ very nice walk (P) 0 $,$ we saw beautiful nature and (G) 0 $the$ largest bridge. We walked through (G) him $it$ but (L) me and one of my friends $one of my friends and I$ (G) has $have$ (W) got $0$ (G) 0 $a$ phobia (X) at $of $ (G) this $these$ bridges, so we (G) must $had to$ walk fast through this bridge. After this walk we had (G) (L) break $stops$ in Poland and in Olomouc. We had (W) in Olomouc pizza $pizza in Olomouc$ and then we went back (X) to $0$ home. After this trip I didn’t do (G) something $anything$ special. So that was my last holiday. (F) (L) Godbye $bye$ bro. 13 Hello Kamila, how are you doing? This summer holiday was absolutely crazy and I wanna share it with you! The very first day of my holiday I went to Prague for a big concert in (G) 0 $the$ O2 arena with my friend! The crowd was absolutely crazy, great atmosphere, lots of mosh pits but the most important part, the performers really killed it! (L) They $there$ were two, the first of them (G) is $was$ younger than the other one, but they are (L) real $actual$ cousins! The concert really made my day and I rank it as one of the best days in my life! (G) 0 $the$ Next week (W) me and my friends $my friends and I$ went to (L) nature $the countryside$, we (G) had $0$ walked lots of kilometers and I enjoyed that because I think I needed to breathe fresh air at the time, (L) had lots of stress $was very stressed$ before this day. I (G) have $0$ spent lots of time at home with my family, we were taking care of our grandmother that has (G) Alzheimer $Alzheimer’s$. I believe she was happy to be with us because she (G) (L) haven’t had met $hasn’t seen$ us for (G) 0 $a$ long time (W) before $0$. (X) In $over$ the next weeks I was hanging out with my friends, but didn’t have any bigger (L) activity $things$. I am really happy I could (G) spent $spend$ so much time with you this holiday and I wanna thank you! Tell me how (W) was your holiday $your holiday was$ and have a nice rest of the day. Best regards, O 14 Hello Thomas, I want (X) 0 $to$ write (X) 0 $to$ you about my last holidays. My first day of (F) holyday $holiday$ was so good, because I finally (W) well slept $slept well$. I remember calling (W) with $0$ my friend and playing computer games (X) to $until$ (L) the late night $late at night$. When the call ended, I was still behind (G) 0 $the$ computer for (G) 0 $a$ few hours. One late night I was editing (G) 0 $a$ video and I had a lot of funny ideas because of (G) 0 $the$ tiredness. By the way (P) 0 $,$ I started to learn C++ programming lan-guage. It is in some ways harder than (G) 0 $the$ other programming languages, but I am (G) 0 $a$ calm person and I don’t get angry so (F) easy $easily$ if something does not work. For example (P) 0 $,$ I was trying to fix some functionality in my program and fi-nally after five hours I successfully (G) fix $fixed$ it. In the (F) middl $middle$ of (G) 0 APPENDIX D: ERROR DOMAINS B2 153 $the$ holiday I was staying at my grandma’s house. I (G) ’ve been $was$ traveling to Brno with her (P) , $0$ because I wanted to help her with shopping and (F) carring $carry-ing$ bags. In the evenings I was going on long walks in town (P) , $0$ where she lives. When I came back, she made me a dinner. After that I (L) had mood $was in the mood$ to learn something new, so I found (G) 0 $a$ (G) (F) two hours $two-hour$ long video about car hacking. And I was so excited about this (P) , $0$ that I bought some radio stuff to un-derstand more. And when I (G) ’ve $0$ got home I was just playing games or program-ming like always. So that way my holiday and I hope you tell me about yours. Bye Thomas. 15 Heya Mate! How’s it going? Let me tell ya these holidays were something...One day you are all like (P) „ $“$ I don’t want these holidays to end (P) . $,$“ And the next day you are like (P) „ $“$ I’m bored out of my mind!!!“ For me it was mostly fun, going out with friends, trips, playing games, building stronger bonds, you know me! But some days were tough (P) , $;$ for example (P) : $0$ one day we went to Slovakia to meet some friends, but you won’t guess what happened! IT STARTED RAINING AND IT CONTINUED THE WHOLE F’IN DAY, and that’s not all! I also found out that my boots were partly broken, so after I returned home my feet hurt a lot. Perfect trip, really…But at least the view from the train was beautiful and that counts…right? Well I know only one thing, NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN. Anyways I want to tell you more (P) , $0$ because I think there might be something that sparks your (F) intrest $interest$. You know how we have a problem with long distance friendships? Well that will soon be over! Great news, right? I (L) discovered (L) it $this$ $found this out$ only recently, but most of our friends are going to live in Brno starting next year! We won’t have to pay for traveling anymore and we will have more time to spend together! We are already planning a party when the (W) 0 $day$ comes! U can take that as an invitation. I’m hyped just thinking about it! One day we might even spend Christmas together! Like a family! Welp, that’s all (X) from $for$ me. And what have you been doing lately? Any crazy experiences? See ya later pal! T 16 Hi Susan, (G) 0 $my$ Last holiday was wild. I’ll start from the (F) begining $beginning$ of my holiday. It was (G) 0 $the$ last day of school (F) an $and$ I (G) look $looked$ (X) 0 $at$ it like (W) 0 $it was$ (G) 0 $a$ free day because we were doing nothing. I brought my (W) gaming ultra (F) powerfall $power-ful$ $ultra powerful gaming$ laptop with (G) 0 $an$ extra keyboard and mouse and started playing. Maybe you (G) ask $are asking$ what I was playing. I was playing DOOM, (W) this game, I enjoy it soo (F) match $much$ $I enjoy this game so much$ but sadly (P) 0 $,$ my teacher (G) (P) dont $didn’t$ . She told me to turn it off (L) or $and$ do something productive. So I turned it off because I did not want any problems. But (P) dont $don’t$ worry I have a friend Steve. We enjoy (W) 0 $spending$ time with each other APPENDIX D: ERROR DOMAINS B2 154 because we do crazy stuff. Like (G) 0 $the$ last time we (G) ’ve $0$ made (G) 0 $a$ rocket and (F) lanched $launched$ it from (G) 0 $a$ school (F) playgroud $playground$. It was fast! (W) (L) Or $0$ we $also$ (G) ’ve $0$ made (G) 0 $a$ super stinky and loud bomb. We (G) ’ve done $did$ it (L) like $so that$ it (G) goes $went$ brrr. Ha ha ha. After school we went to a shopping mall (P) , $.$ They have toilettes and (F) thats $that’s$ ex-actly what we wanted. So we (G) ’ve $0$ got out bomb and threw it in there, closed the doors and ran away. The (F) sond $sound$ from it. Oh my, it was (G) 0 $a$ symphony. (G) 0 $the$ Rest of my holiday was great. I hope we’ll meet (X) 0 $up$ after your vaca-tion. Have a great vacation. Your best friend M 17 Dear Filip, I spent (L) my $some$ time in Egypt with my girlfriend and my family. When we arrived we (G) go $went$ (X) to $for$ (G) the $a$ dinner. There was a lot of food like beef, chicken, fish and my favourite was (G) a $0$ sushi. After dinner, we (G) go $went$ to (G) the $a$ hotel called (P) „ $“$ Grand Hotel”. (G) 0 $the$ First day we (G) go $went$ to the beach. I remember it was (G) 0 $a$ sunny day, but (G) 0 $the$ sea was too cold for me. So I (G) decide $decided$ that (W) me and my girlfriend $my girlfriend and I$ (G) 0 $would$ (F) reather $rather$ go to the swimming pool. We (G) ’ve been $were$ in (G) 0 $the$ wa-ter for 30 minutes. After swimming we (G) take $took$ a shower. My parents came back after 45 minutes, they also (G) take $took$ a shower and then we (G) go $went$ to (G) the $0$ (F) luch $lunch$. I didn’t like it because there (G) was $were$ a lot of vegetables I don’t like (P) 0 $,$ for example (P) 0 $,$ tomatoes, (F) brocoli $broccoli$ and (G) other $others$. (G) 0 $the$ Second day we (G) do $did$ nothing, we (G) 0 $were$ just chilling in the hotel. (G) 0 $the$ (F) Thirth $third$ day we visited (G) 0 $a$ zoo, there (G) was $were$ lot of exotic animals like sharks, turtles, lions, snakes (P) 0 $,$ and the most dan-gerous animal was a (L) big $great$ white shark, he (G) (L) has $was$ fifteen meters (L) 0 $long$. (G) 0 $the$ Final day we (L) (G) go $got$ (X) to $on$ the plane and arrived home. I hope that (W) (G) the $0$ next summer I’m gonna (G) spent $spend$ with you $I’m gonna spend the next summer with you$. With love D 18 Hi Rostislav I just want to (L) talk $tell you$ about my holidays and why I was not responding to your e-mails. I was traveling to Madagascar (P) . $,$ (L) Where $there$ wasn’t (G) 0 $any$ sig-nal and that was the reason I was not responding to your e-mails. The traveling was a prob-lem (P) 0 $;$ I had to travel from Africa to Madagascar by a boat. After the worst travel experience I had (P) 0 $,$ there was nothing to stop me (X) to $from$ (G) $having$ a good time (X) on $in$ Madagascar. The main (F) porpuse $purpose$ of why I (G) am $was$ (L) here $there$ (G) is $was$ that I always wanted to (F) expirience $experience$ a wild jun-gle. My goal was to walk from (G) 0 $the$ east coast to (G) 0 $an$ (F) abanded $aban-doned$ village. That was like (G) 0 $a$ solid ten kilometers of wild jungle. I would not be APPENDIX D: ERROR DOMAINS B2 155 able to do it by myself (P) 0 $,$ I had two experts who helped me. On my journey (W) 0 $there$ was nothing (F) dangeros $dangerous$ at all but every night I heard some strange noises (P) 0 $,$ and I did not (L) meet $run into$ (F) poisenous $poisonous$ animals like snakes, frogs or spiders and the one I saw wasn’t harmful. When I got to the village every-one was friendly but we (G) was $were$ not allowed to sleep there. (G) 0 $the$ Journey back was easy and I managed to get back home (F) safelly $safely$. We can go to the bar sometime and talk about it more if you want. H 19 Hi Peter, I am writing you about my last holiday. At (G) 0 $the$ (F) begin $beginning$ (X) 0 $of$ (G) 0 $the$ holiday I spent a lot of time on my garden. I have a big garden with many fruit (G) tree $trees$, so there (G) is $are$ many things to do. Because (X) in $0$ this holiday was so hot I went to the lake to swim. I (G) was $0$ also tried some (G) waters sport $water sports$ like paddleboarding (L) or $and$ diving. I re-ally enjoyed it. I think you would try it too. (L) If $when$ I tried to stand on (G) 0 $the$ paddleboard for (G) 0 $the$ first time, I fell in the water. It was too difficult to (G) kept $keep$ (F) ballance $balance$ for me. After many (G) fall $falls$ (P) , $0$ some man (G) show $showed$ me (P) , $0$ how to do it. I kept trying and did it. (G) 0 $the$ Next (G) holidays $holiday$ I (G) 0 $am$ going to (F) continuous $continue$ and learn new (F) trics $tricks$. I was looking for (G) some $a$ part-time job (P) . $,$ But I (G) was $0$ needed some IT or cyber security job for experience. I (G) fount $found$ one company (G) call $called$ Axenta, and sent (G) they $them$ my (L) biography $CV$. After (G) 0 $a$ week, they texted me back to come (L) to talk $for an interview$. I was really (F) nervios $nervous$. Two days (P) , $0$ after I (G) talk $talked$ to them (P) . $0$ They sent me (G) 0 $an$ (L) mail $email$ that I was hired. I was really happy. I spent (G) 0 $the$ rest of my holiday (X) in $at$ (G) 0 $the$ company learning new (F) thinks $things$ in cyber security and (L) collecting $gaining$ (F) expirience $experience$. (W) And $0$ what (G) do you did $did you do$ (X) in $over$ your last holidays? Thanks for your (L) request $response$. D APPENDIX E: ERROR CATEGORIES B1 156 Appendix E: Error Categories B1 1 Hello Peter, my last spring holiday was absolutely amazing. I was in Italy (PM) 0 $,$ in (GA) 0 $a$ town named Cortina. We started our (FS) jurney $journey$ (GA) 0 $the$ first day of holi-day. We traveled by car to Italy and I was dying lol. (GA) 0 $the$ Journey lasted more than eight hours. I (GV) don’t $didn’t$ have anything to do in this car (PW) . $,$ But I sur-vived and we arrived (XV) to $in$ Italy. When I (GV) get $got$ out of (GA) 0 $the$ car (LW) it $there$ was (GA) 0 $an$ amazing view. Our hotel was next to the sea and had (GA) 0 $a$ (FS) privat $private$ beach. I just wanted to go to this sea, but it was (XADV) to $too$ late and we needed to (LW) move in $check in$ to our hotel. We (LW) moved $checked$ in and (GV) go $went$ to sleep. (GA) 0 $the$ Next day was perfect. We woke up at nine and (GV) go $went$ to breakfast. It was (FS) allready $already$ ready and deli-cious. After breakfast we (WO) finally could $could finally$ go to (GA) 0 $the$ sea. It was really warm outside so the water was really refreshing. I really enjoyed (GA) 0 $the$ day by the sea. We played water games, beach volleyball, (WM) 0 $had$ (GA) 0 $a$ swimming race and (GD) many $a lot of$ other fun stuff. (XN) At $in$ (GA) 0 $the$ evening I was tired and I went to sleep really (LW) soon $early$. (GA) 0 $the$ Next day we (LW) had $went on$ (GA) 0 $a$ trip to Rome. (GA) 0 $a$ Bus arrived at our hotel and we (GV) get $got$ in with other people from our hotel. We saw many (GN) monument $monuments$ (GD) this $that$ day (PW) . $,$ For example (GA) 0 $the$ (FS) Coloseum $Colosseum$, (GA) 0 $an$ obelisk (LW) or $and$ (GA) 0 $the$ Vatican Square. (GA) 0 $the$ Next three days (GV) was $were$ similar to (GA) 0 $the$ first day. We were by the sea and playing games. After that we (GV) must $had to$ leave and I was sad. This was (GA) 0 $the$ best week (XN) from $of$ my holidays. (WR) And $0$ what about you Pe-ter? How were (GD) yours $your$ holidays? 2 Dear Martin (PW) . $,$ I want to say (WR) u $0$ hey from my holidays (PM) 0 $.$ I am sending you this email (PR) , $0$ because I want to share (WO) with you my holidays $my holidays with you$. I was on (GA) 0 $a$ very old bridge and it was (GA) 0 $a$ really good (FS) expirience $experience$ for me. (WO) Too I was fishing with my (LW) ancle $uncle$ $too$ and we (GV) catch $caught$ a lot of (GN) fishis $fish$ (PM) 0 $.$ I like to spend my free time with my family. Usually it (WM) 0 $is$ (GA) a $0$ really fun. I will be happy if u send me back an email (XN) with $about$ (WPR) you story of $0$ your hol-iday. I was (WO) one (FS) weak $week$ on holidays with my grandparents (XN) 0 $for$ $on holidays with my grandparents for one week$. We were going (XV) on $to$ swim-ming pools and (XV) 0 $on$ small hikes. (WO) And $0$ (WR) with $0$ my mom Stella and dad Michal and sister Klara (WPM) 0 $and I$ were (FS) sking $skiing$ in (GA) 0 $the$ Alps. (GA) 0 $the$ Sky was blue and (GA) 0 $the$ weather was (FS) beatifull $beautiful$ for (FS) sking $skiing$. (WO) In (GA) 0 $the$ Alps (WM) 0 $there$ was (LP) in summer (WM) 0 $although it was summer$ still (GD) very much $a lot$ (XADV) of $0$ snow $There was still a lot of snow in the Alps although it was summer$ (PM) 0 $,$ APPENDIX E: ERROR CATEGORIES B1 157 like 2 or 3 meters of snow for skiing and snowboarding and for other snow (LW) fun $ac-tivities$ . After (GA) 0 $the$ Alps we (GV) go $went$ to Croatia (PR) . $0$ Because we (GV) want $wanted$ to swim in (GA) 0 $the$ sea. (WR) And $0$ we (GV) had $0$ found places in (GA) 0 $a$ national park Kamenjak (PW) . $,$ And there u can go (GV) jump $jumping$ (XV) for $from$ (FS) beutifull $beautiful$ (FS) clifts $cliffs$. (WR) And $0$ (GP) 0 $you$ can go and dive to see salt water (FS) fishis $fishes$. U can practice your climbing (FS) skils $skills$ in deep water solo climbing it (WM) 0 $is$ (GA) 0 $a$ style of climbing without rope. U only need boots, and (GA) 0 $a$ (LW) swimming dress $swimsuit$. I wish you best for your future (PM) 0 $,$ bye. 3 Hello Jeremy how was your holiday (PW) . $?$ My holiday was perfect. I am (GV) gone $going to$ start with (GD) 0 $my$ trip to France. Me and my family were in Paris for one week. We (GV) visit $visited$ (GA) 0 $the$ (FS) eiffel $Eiffel$ (FS) tower $Tower$, (LW) it $there$ was (GA) 0 $a$ very beautiful view from there. Then we (GV) visit $vis-ited$ (GA) 0 $a$ zoo and (GV) (LW) been on $had$ (GA) 0 $a$ perfect dinner (PM) 0 $;$ I (GV) was having $had$ (GN) oyster $oysters$ and some (FS) sea food $seafood$. On the way back (XN) to $0$ home we (GV) visit $visited$ (FS) mont $Mont$ Blanc and (GV) been $went$ hiking. When we arrived I was (WO) all the time at (GD) 0 $my$ (PM) grandpas $grandpa’s$ and (PM) grandmas $grandma’s$ house $at grandpa’s and grandma’s house all the time$. I was enjoying time with my (FS) frinds $friends$ from there. We were cycling and (GV) (LW) get $going$ to the swimming pool. I met some new people. We (GV) (LW) ’ve been $went$ (XV) on $to$ some (FS) partyes $parties$ together and it was (GA) 0 $a$ (FS) grate $great$ (FS) expirience $experience$. (LP) Like in $halfway through$ (GA) 0 $the$ holiday I (LW) was $went$ on (LW) next $another$ trip with my family. It was in Teplické skály. It was amazing. There was beautiful nature and very good weather. I was really upset (FS) becouse $because$ we were (LW) the $there$ for just three days. We were sleeping in (GA) 0 $a$ tent (PM) 0 $;$ it was (GA) 0 $a$ (FS) grate $great$ (FS) expiriance $experience$. After we (GV) come $came$ back home I was just chilling by the pool getting some drinks and good food (PW) . $,$ Just having (GA) 0 $a$ good time. I am very curious about your holiday. I hope u (LW) spent $had$ (GA) 0 $a$ (FS) grate $great$ time like me (PM) 0 $,$ (FS) pleas $please$ write back. Later we can (GV) met $meet$ (XV) in $at$ (GA) 0 $a$ pub. With love (PM) 0 $,$ LR 4 Hi (FS) budy $buddy$, thanks for the last email, I was so shocked (WP) 0 $to hear$ where you were. The landscape was beautiful, but now I would like to tell you where I was on the last holiday. It was spring holiday and we, as usual, went (GV) ski $skiing$ (XV) to $at$ some moun-tain or (GA) 0 $a$ hill (LW) that $but$ I have no idea (LW) how $what$ (WR) do $0$ (WO) they call $it is called$. Our (FS) accomodation $accommodation$ was, as usual, (GA) 0 $a$ friendly “mountain” cottage, with friendly people. We arrived (WR) like $0$ around 6 pm, and I (LW) enjoyed $had$ a lot of fun (WR) time $0$ with my friend. And the next day, finally, we went (GV) ski $skiing$. As you (LW) APPENDIX E: ERROR CATEGORIES B1 158 should $may$ know I like skiing so much and I really enjoyed it. I (GV) jump $jumped$ on “snow ramps”, (GV) go $went$ through (GA) 0 $the$ woods etc. (WR) And $0$ after this exhausting skiing we (WR) can $0$ (GV) sit $sat$ in front of (GA) a $0$ huge dumplings with (WNL) povidlí $plum jam$. Then we (GV) come $came$ back and (GV) (LW) enjoy $had$ a lot more fun again (PW) , $;$ we (GV) play $played$ table tennis, (WPR) table tennis $0$ but instead of (GA) 0 $a$ table tennis ball (PR) , $0$ (GP) 0 $we$ (WM) 0 $used$ (GA) 0 $a$ tiny football (WR) ball $0$, (GV) play $played$ some games on phones or PC. (WR) And $0$ before we (GV) go $went$ (XV) 0 $to$ (FS) sleap $sleep$, we (GV) watch $watched$ some series (LW) or $and$ movies. Oh, I forgot…I was with my family on (WR) at least $0$ one of the biggest roller (GN) coaster $coasters$ in (GA) 0 $the$ Czech Republic (PM) 0 $.$ Well (PM) 0 $,$ this is probably everything I’ve wanted to tell ya. I wish you all the best and I (LW) wish $hope$ I’ll hear from you soon. O. 5 Hello, I am writing (XV) 0 $to$ you about my last holidays. (WO) Most of the time (WR) that $0$ I (GV) spend $spent$ $ (WR) was $0$ $I spent most of the time$ with my family and my good friends. I (GV) spend $spent$ a lot of time (XV) by $0$ playing computer games with my friends. When I say a lot (PM) 0 $,$ I mean really (GA) 0 $a$ lot of time. We were playing like 12 hours a day. It was very unfortunate that you (FS) (GV) can not $couldn’t$ play with us. I hope we will see each other as soon as possible (PR) , $0$ so we can play some games together. By the way (PM) 0 $,$ I (GV) start $started$ a new busi-ness with 2 of my friends. The business is about selling lego sets and minifigures. We are trying to find expensive minifigures and sealed lego sets for cheap and sell (GP) 0 $them$ for some extra profit. We are using internet (GN) website $websites$ like facebook mar-ketplace and eBay to find these sets. It (GV) take $takes$ a lot of time, but you can find lego sets for (GA) 0 $a$ really good price there. Anyway (PM) 0 $,$ what were you doing (XV) in $over$ the (FS) Last $last$ (FS) Holidays $holidays$? You did not send any (GN) message $messages$ to me for like a month. I hope nothing bad happened to you. Write me as soon as possible, we have many things to do. See you soon, E. 6 Hi Mark Sorry that I wasn’t in touch (XV) 0 $for$ a while. Well (PM) 0 $,$ it was (FS) allmoust $almost$ two months (PW) . $,$ And because I didn’t write you (LP) all the time $this whole time$ I (GV) tell $will tell$ you (FS) evrithing $everything$ (WR) what $0$ I (GV) do $did$. At the (FM) begin $beginning$ of (GA) 0 $the$ holiday I started (XV) 0 $to$ work. It was (GA) 0 $a$ hard job but (GA) 0 $the$ money from that was (FS) uncredible $incredible$. (FS) Basicly $basically$ it (WM) 0 $was$ just digging holes and (FS) instaling APPENDIX E: ERROR CATEGORIES B1 159 $installing$ water (GN) system $systems$ (XN) on $in$ the gardens (XN) 0 $of$ (LW) too much $overly$ rich people (PR) . $0$ And (GV) cover $covering$ the hole (WR) what $0$ you (LW) done $made$. It was all in (GA) 0 $the$ (FS) firs $first$ (FS) mounth $month$. Well (FS) offcorse $of course$ I (GV) do $did$ more things (FS) then $than$ just work (PM) 0 $,$ but that is a (FS) diffrent $different$ story. The second (FS) mounth $month$ started (XV) 0 $with$ (GA) 0 $a$ family vacation in (FS) Caratia $Croatia$. We (GV) stay $stayed$ (FS) ther $there$ (WO) like for $for like$ ten days and it was (FS) realy $really$ amazing. (GA) 0 $the$ First day we spent on the beach and (GV) enjoy $en-joyed$ (GA) 0 $the$ (FS) sun $Sun$ and (FS) san $sand$. (GA) 0 $the$ Second day we (FS) (GV) wisit $visited$ (GA) 0 $an$ (FS) (LW) Fun $amusement$ (FS) Park $park$. We (GV) must $had to$ ride every (FS) rollercoastr $roller coaster$. It was (GA) 0 $a$ bad idea and (LP) my (FS) luch $lunch$ come out from me $I threw up my lunch$ (PW) . $,$ But it was fun. (XN) In $on$ (GA) 0 $the$ (FS) 3-rd $third$ day we (GV) visit $vis-ited$ (GA) 0 $a$ historical tower next to (GA) 0 $the$ hotel where we (LW) (GV) live $were staying$. There (GV) was $were$ too many (GN) stair $stairs$ (PW) . $;$ It was (FS) torchr $torture$ (PW) . $,$ But (GA) 0 $the$ view from the top was really amazing. The rest of the vacation we spent on the beach or (LW) (GV) visitings $going to$ pubs. After we (GV) come $came$ back home I (GV) give $gave$ my friends presents that I (GV) buy $had bought$ for them (PW) . $,$ And because I got lots of money I (GV) buy $bought$ some (FS) shos $shoes$ and clothes (PR) . $0$ For (GP) me $myself$. (WR) But $0$ I got one present for you (PM) 0 $,$ Marek. I’ll give it to you when we meet again. Well, (PM) thats $that’s$ all from me. Have a good (LW) time $one$. 7 Hi Leoš, Thanks for your last email. It was great to hear from you! You asked me to tell you some-thing about my summer holidays. In the beginning I was ill. It was very bad for me (FS) becouse $because$ I had big headaches and I couldn’t go anywhere I was ill (XV) 0 $for$ only three days, (WM) 0 $and$ I was very happy that I (GV) am $was$ not ill (WP) 0 $for any longer$ (FS) becouse $because$ (LW) now $then$ I could go to Italy with my family. The next morning when I woke up (PM) 0 $,$ my father said that in the evening we (GV) will $would$ go to Italy. I instantly went to my room and I packed some clothing and things I needed (XV) to $into$ my suitcase. My parents love mountains, so we went to (GA) 0 $the$ Alps, specifically to Jesolo. The way from Brno to Jesolo was long and bor-ing, so we (FS) decited $decided$ that we (GV) will $would$ go to KFC for some (GN) snack $snacks$. I ordered Qunito, my father ordered two twisters for himself and my mother (PM) 0 $,$ (WM) 0 $and$ (PR) , $0$ my brother ordered two BeSmants. When we arrived to Jesolo, my father was tired so we (FS) decited $decided$ that we (GV) will $would$ go to sleep for a while. We woke up in the afternoon, so we went on a small trip to the city. It was so lively! My mother bought some clothes, my brother some toys, we went to (GA) the $a$ restaurant and then we went to our hotel. The next day we went to the mountains and the day after we went to (GA) 0 $an$ aquapark. Then we went home. I really enjoyed it! APPENDIX E: ERROR CATEGORIES B1 160 Back soon, J. 8 Hi my dear friend. (PM) Im $I’m$ writing you (FS) beacuse $because$ you (GV) want $wanted$ (XV) 0 $to$ hear what I did last spring holiday. (WR) So $0$ I will start with my first day. (GA) 0 $the$ First day I was at home (FS) besaue $because$ I was sick. (WO) (GA) 0 $the$ Whole day I was on my computer $I was on my computer the whole day$ and I was playing some games with my friends. For example I (FS) playd $played$ GTA5, R6 and more. (GA) 0 $the$ Next day I went on (GA) 0 $a$ trip with my family. It was amazing. I saw (GA) 0 $a$ beautiful castle and I was on (GA) 0 $a$ lookout tower and that view was so great. So (GA) 0 $the$ third day I drove (XV) on $to$ (GA) 0 $the$ mountains where I (FS) skiy $ski$. For your information (PM) 0 $,$ I’m (GA) 0 $a$ snowboarder (PM) 0 $,$ I (GV) not $don’t$ have (GN) ski $skis$ (PM) 0 $,$ but I have (GA) 0 $a$ snowboard (FS) und $and$ I love (FS) snowbord $snowboarding$. I was there with my mom who has (GN) ski $skis$. We (LW) lived $stayed$ in (GA) 0 $a$ (FS) smal $small$ chalet in (GA) 0 $the$ Beskydy. That same day in (GA) 0 $the$ (FS) ski-areal $ski area$ I met my good friend from my class from primary school (PW) . $,$ So that was funny (PM) 0 $.$ I introduced her to my mom and then she had (GA) 0 $a$ (FS) launch $lunch$ with us. We (LW) lived $stayed$ in Rožnov pod Radhoštěm (PR) . $0$ And (LW) this $it$ was (GA) 0 $a$ (FS) beatiful $beautiful$ city. (WPM) 0 $there were$ So many monuments (PW) . $,$ For example (GA) 0 $an$ ice museum (LW) or $and$ (GA) 0 $a$ (FS) look out $lookout$ tower. There (GV) was $were$ so many restaurants too. (GA) 0 $the$ Next day we were on the (FS) heightes $highest$ mountain in Beskydy (GV) calling $called$ Radhošt. (WO) (XN) On $to$ the top we (LW) drove $went$ (XV) with $in$ (GA) 0 $a$ (LW) cabin $cable car$ $We went to the top in a cable car$. On the way (WM) 0 $there$ was (GA) 0 $a$ (FS) beatiful $beautiful$ view and (GA) 0 $a$ (FS) beati-ful $beautiful$ (WNL) skanzen $open-air museum$. (WR) And $0$ (GA) 0 $the$ last day I was at home again (PW) . $,$ (WR) And $0$ playing some games and watching films. (WR) So $0$ I really enjoyed this spring holiday. Now you can write about your holidays. (WR) And $0$ I really hope you (LW) were $had$ good holidays like me. Bye my (GN) (FS) frinds $friend$. 9 Hello, I (GV) 0 $am$ writing (WO) this e-mail (XV) for $0$ you $you this email$ about my (FS) beatiful $beautiful$ spring holidays because you (GV) ask $asked$ (GP) my $me$ to do it (PM) 0 $,$ so here (WO) is it $it is$. My spring holidays were amazing (PW) , $.$ (GA) 0 $the$ first half of (GA) 0 $the$ week I was at home and I was going to some (GD) party’s $parties$ with my friends and spend-ing lots of time with them. (LW) Another $the other$ half of (GA) 0 $the$ week (GP) my $me$ and my family $my family and I$ (GV) goes $went$ to (GA) 0 $the$ mountains to ski there. We were (LW) living $staying$ in (GA) 0 $a$ (WO) beautiful big $big beauti-ful$ cottage that one of (GD) 0 $my$ (PM) moms $mom’s$ friends gave us for (GA) 0 $the$ second half (XN) for $of$ (GA) 0 $the$ week. (WR) But $0$ we (GV) don’t was APPENDIX E: ERROR CATEGORIES B1 161 $weren’t$ there alone. (GP) Us $our$ friends also (GV) come $came$ there (WR) too $0$ so we (GV) have $had$ lots of fun there. (GA) 0 $the$ First day when we (GV) arrive $ar-rived$ we just (GV) unpacking $unpacked$ and then (GV) reunite $reunited$ with (GP) us $o ur$ friends because they (GV) arrive $arrived$ (GA) 0 $a$ little bit late and we (GV) dont $didn’t$ (FS) se $see$ them in like two years (FS) becouse $because$ of (FS) covid-19 $Covid-19$. (GA) 0 $the$ Second day (PM) 0 $,$ we went to the mountains to ski and it was really funny because i and my dad $my dad and I$ (GV) was $were$ (LW) skiing on snowboard $snowboarding$ and we (GV) dont stand $hadn’t stood $ stand on (GN) snowboard $snowboards$ in like two years so we (GV) (LW) failing $were falling$ very often (PM) 0 $,$ but it was fun. (GA) 0 $the$ Third day we went (XV) to $0$ skiing again and it was better (PM) 0 $;$ I (GV) was don’t $wasn’t$ falling so often and it was (FS) styl $still$ funny. (WR) And $0$ (GA) 0 $the$ fourth day (PM) 0 $,$ (LW) that $which$ (WR) it $0$ was also (GA) 0 $the$ last day (PM) 0 $,$ we (GV) wasn’t $didn’t$ go to mountains but we all (GV) go $went$ for a walk in (GA) 0 $the$ (FS) beatiful $beautiful$ winter (LW) nature $countryside$ and it was very nice. I think (FP) thats $that’s$ all (PM) 0 $.$ it was (GA) 0 $a$ very good spring holiday (PM) 0 $,$ I think (PM) 0 $,$ and I hope you got (GA) 0 $the$ same holidays like me and I hope you will (WO) too write (GP) my $me$ about them $write me about them too$. See (PR) , $0$ ya 10 Hi Adam, thank you for your e-mail about your summer holidays. My holidays were so nice too, I was in Barcelona for two weeks. My parents wanted to fly to Paris, but my brother and I wanted to go to Barcelona (PM) 0 $,$ so we flew there. I really love Barce-lona because I play soccer and FC Barcelona is my favourite soccer club (PM) 0 $,$ and I (GV) (FS) allways wanted $have always wanted$ to visit their stadium and (LW) look $see$ how (FS) (FM) beatiful $beautifully$ they can play soccer. We were also in the town and it was so lively (PW) , $;$ (GA) 0 $the$ (GN) peoples $people$ there are so nice. Our hotel was small (PR) , $0$ but comfy and with (GA) 0 $a$ (FS) beatiful $beauti-ful$ view (XN) on $of$ the sea. The weather was nice (GA) 0 $the$ whole two weeks (PM) 0 $,$ something (XADV) about $around$ 30 degrees, so we (GV) can $could$ go to the sea. One day we were in (GA) the $a$ restaurant where they cooked seafood (PM) 0 $,$ so I had mussels (XV) 0 $for$ (GA) 0 $the$ first time in my life and I must say they were delicious. My dad had (GV) had $0$ an octopus and I (GV) don’t $didn’t$ like it. The next day I (GV) was $0$ tried to ride a motorcycle because I really like riding (GA) a $0$ (GN) motorcycle $motorcycle$. So (LW) it $these$ were my summer holidays, I guess they were one of the best holidays in my life. I wish you all the best (PM) 0 $,$ Adam (PM) 0 $,$ and have a nice day. 11 Hi Sam, I hope you are well. Are you looking forward to the spring holiday? Thank you for your previous e-mail (PW) . $,$ It (GV) ’s $was$ great to hear from you. I’m writing to you because I want (XV) 0 $to$ invite you to visit me during the holiday. We could visit the historic museum or spend days at the beach. After we can go wander around the shop-ping centre if (GA) 0 $the$ weather is bad. We can visit some historic places. My friends APPENDIX E: ERROR CATEGORIES B1 162 would love to spend more time with you too (PM) 0 $,$ so (PR) , $0$ we could hang out with them in that cafe you like or we can go on a (PM) one day $one-day$ trip to the beach. What do you think? I think it would be amazing to spend a few weeks with you in Spain. We would have so much fun! I know how much you love Spain. We can go to (GA) the $0$ Barcelona together. Barcelona is such a (FS) beatiful $beautiful$ city with (GADJ) beautifuls $beautiful$ places. We can go and see a football match in Barcelona. After (PM) 0 $,$ we can try out some food at a local restaurant. In the next few days we may (LW) have $want$ to go on a hike (PW) . $,$ And it wouldn’t be expensive (PM) 0 $,$ as you can stay with us in the apartment. Best wishes, I’ll see you soon. Adam 12 Dear John, I’m writing you this email (XV) from $about$ our trip. I’m in our hotel room right now. London is (GA) 0 $a$ very beautiful city. Yesterday we saw (GA) the $0$ Big Ben (PW) . $,$ It was really crowded. There were a lot of people looking at (GA) the $0$ Big Ben. Af-ter that (PM) 0 $,$ we visited (GA) 0 $the$ museum of (FS) wox $wax$ figures. There (GV) were $was$ a figure of Donald Trump. (XN) At $for$ (GA) the $0$ lunch we (GV) have $had$ a chicken (FS) sop $soup$ in (GA) 0 $a$ famous restaurant. (GA) 0 $the$ Food was (FS) delitius $delicious$ (PW) . $,$ But it wasn’t cheap. One bowl of soup cost 5 pounds. We went out of the restaurant and something (LW) unexpectable $unexpected$ (FS) happend $happened$. One man walked (XV) around $by$ us and grabbed (GD) 0 $my$ (PM) moms $mom’s$ bag and (GV) run $ran$ away. (GD) 0 $my$ Dad (GV) want $wanted$ to (FS) chatch $catch$ him (PM) 0 $,$ but he wasn’t fast enough (PR) . $0$ So he called police. We waited. When (GA) 0 $the$ police arrived (GD) 0 $my$ dad (LW) say $told them (PR) , $0$ what (GV) happen $had happened$. (GD) 0 $my$ Mom was (FS) sceared $scared$, so we decided (XV) 0 $to$ go to our hotel room and calm down. (XN) At $in$ the afternoon we were watching (GA) 0 $the$ TV and were waiting for (GA) 0 $a$ call from the police. (XN) At $0$ the next (WR) day $0$ morning we went to breakfast and we decided to visit the London Eye. The view (XN) of $from$ (GA) 0 $the$ London Eye was (FS) beutiful $beautiful$. We saw the (FS) Themse $Thames$ and boats on it. I really liked it. Before our departure (GA) 0 $a$ (LW) police $police officer$ (GV) (LW) take $gave$ (XV) to $0$ (GD) 0 $my$ mom her bag. He (GV) catch $caught$ him. We went home by plane (PW) . $,$ (GA) 0 $the$ Flight was nice. I hope you’re ok. Have a nice (FS) holyday $holiday$. S 13 To my dear friend Štěpán It’s been so long, Štěpán, how are you? I need to share my adventure from (GA) 0 $the$ spring holiday. When the holiday started, me and (GA) 0 $a$ few other people $a few other people and I$ went camping by the lake. When (GA) 0 $the$ evening came we (GV) gather $gathered$ some sticks and paper and created a fireplace (PW) . $,$ Then we cooked some meat and (LW) made $prepared$ some corn and (FS) marshmallowes APPENDIX E: ERROR CATEGORIES B1 163 $marshmallows$ (PW) . $;$ They were delicious! After that (PM) 0 $,$ we (WO) went for a walk first $first went for a walk$ by the lake and then to the nearby forest. The forest was mysterious (PW) , $;$ the sound and the atmosphere (GV) was $were$ great, but (FS) sudenly $suddenly$ we heard a loud noise coming from the deepest and darkest part of the forest. We were really scared. Then we did something that only dumb kids do and went deep inside (GA) 0 $the$ darkness. We were (FS) absolutly $absolutely$ (FS) terified $terrified$. We went further and further and (FS) than $then$ we heard a loud scream. At that moment I did not know if I (GV) want $wanted$ to continue (PM) 0 $,$ but I did not know (GA) a $the$ way back to (GA) 0 $the$ camp so I went along with my group. After some time we found a caravan (PW) . $;$ We knew that this was source of the noise (PM) 0 $,$ so we (GV) sneaked $snuck$ right behind and then we saw a family playing Monop-oly (PW) , $;$ they were screaming (PR) , $0$ because someone (GV) lost $had lost$. We thought that they killed someone, but they were only playing family games. So (PM) 0 $,$ this was my story from my last holiday. I hope you liked it. Also (PM) 0 $,$ I hope we will see (FS) eachother $each other$ soon. Thanks for reading H 14 Dear Putin, you asked me (PR) , $0$ what (WO) (GV) have I done $I did$ on my summer holiday in 2021. I was either home with my family, out with my friends, or I was on vacation. You (LW) may $might$ (LW) ask $wonder$, where (WO) was I $I was$ on my vacation. I was (XV) at $in$ Mallorca. We stayed at a five star hotel (PR) , $0$ that was about 100 meters away from (GA) 0 $the$ beach. The beach and the sea were really beautiful. It wasn’t dirty and there weren’t any rocks at all. There were also fishes swimming in the sea (PW) . $;$ I even (GV) catched $caught$ one with my bare hands. One day, we went on a boat trip there. We were diving the whole day, and I saw a lot of fishes and corals in the sea. The food at the hotel was very nice too (PW) . $;$ You could pick whatever you wanted. By the way, at first, we were planning to visit your country (PM) 0 $,$ Russia, but due to covid (PR) , $0$ it was nearly impossible, so we visited Mallorca. When we got back home (PM) 0 $,$ I was playing PC games for about 3 days, and then I started to go out with my friends a lot. I also went (XV) on $to$ some sleepovers, and I en-joyed it a lot. I spent the last week of holiday (XV) in $at$ a (FS) tenis $tennis$ day camp with my friend. I (GV) ’ve $0$ made some friends there, and I (GV) ’ve $0$ learnt to play (FS) tenis $tennis$ a bit better. I (GV) ’ve $0$ really enjoyed these holidays, and I can’t wait for the next summer holidays. I hope you’ll stop invading Ukraine, so we (GV) could $can$ finally visit Russia this time. Anyway, how was your holiday? Your V. 15 Hello Jeremy. How are you? Hope you’re doing well (FS) becouse $because$ you (GV) didn’t text $ha-ven’t texted$ me for a long time (PW) . $,$ So I (FS) tought $thought$ it would be better if APPENDIX E: ERROR CATEGORIES B1 164 I (GV) write $wrote$ you an email and maybe you will (FS) awnser $answer$ me (WPR) on it $0$ First of all (PM) 0 $,$ I would like to tell you about what (FS) happend $hap-pened$ in the past week of holidays. On the first day my dad bought a “new” bike. It was an old M2 ETZ 150. She was so dirty (LW) so $that$ I spent 3 days of cleaning and repair-ing it (FS) becouse $because$ the clutch was broken. But the most dirty part was (GA) 0 $the$ (FS) carburator $carburettor$ (FS) wich $which$ was full of some green mess. After completing and fixing all the jets of the (FS) carburator $carburettor$ I started fixing some (LW) electric $electronics$ of the bike. We had to change some fuses (FS) becouse $be-cause$ (FS) thei $they$ were (LW) burned $blown$ and also the spark plug. Finally on the 4th day of our repair (PM) 0 $,$ the bike was completed and ready to start. The next day I spent riding it across the fields of our (FS) villige $village$. Suddenly (PM) 0 $,$ I ran out of gas almost 2 and half kilometres away from the village so I had to push it all the way back (XN) to $0$ home. That day was very cold (PM) 0 $,$ so due to this I (GV) ’ve $0$ got (GA) 0 $a$ cold and I had to stay at home for the rest of the holidays. (WR) But $0$ it wasn’t that bad (PM) 0 $,$ I spent it on the computer playing CS:GO and I finally (FS) aquired $acquired$ 1K hours on it. I bought a few new skins and achieved a new rank on wingwans (PM) 0 $,$ So (GP) it $they$ (GV) was $were$ pretty good holidays. (WR) And $0$ what about your holidays? I hope you will text me back. See ya K APPENDIX F: ERROR CATEGORIES B2 165 Appendix F: Error Categories B2 1 Hello Derek, (GP) 0 $I$ Am writing you an email about my last holiday. At the end of the school (WM) 0 $year$ I was so excited (XADJ) on $for$ holidays that I (GV) count $was counting$ every hour. When the holidays finally (GV) start $started$ my mom (GV) tells $told$ me that we (GV) 0 $were$ going on (GA) 0 $a$ trip to (GD) $Poland’s$ Poland biggest wa-terpark. I was so excited that I (FS) imediately $immediately$ (GV) start $started$ packing all my (GN) stuffs $stuff$. (GA) 0 $the$ Night before the trip I couldn’t sleep (PW) , $;$ I was dreaming about the big famous waterslide and waterjets. I was so happy that I watched all (GA) 0 $the$ youtube (FS) videous $videos$ about the (FS) watepark $water-park$. It was (FS) Frydry $Friday$ morning and we (GV) 0 $were$ finally preparing for the trip. My dad (GV) starts $started$ cleaning (GA) 0 $the$ car and fixing tires. My mum and my older sister (GV) was $were$ preparing (FS) sandwitches $sandwiches$. It was 13:00 (WPR) at the evening $0$ and we finally (LW) (GV) go $got$ (XV) to $in$ (GA) 0 $the$ car and (GV) start $started$ driving to Poland. After (GA) 0 $an$ hour my dad no-ticed that some of the cars (GV) $were$ honking (XV) on $at$ us, then my dad saw a big oil line (LW) dropping $leaking$ from our car. We (GV) don’t $didn’t$ know what to do so we (GV) stop $stopped$ at the nearest gas station. My mom (GV) calls $called$ her brother Jake. Jake (GV) tell $told$ us we (GV) can’t $couldn’t$ continue because the car (GV) will $would$ (FS) breake $break$. We asked him what to do and he (GV) send $sent$ us to his friend. When we arrived (XV) to $at$ his friend (GD) Paul $Paul’s$ he (GV) tell $told$ us he (GV) can $could$ fix it but we (GV) need $needed$ to wait 15 days. My dad (GV) pay $paid$ for (GA) 0 $the$ car and we (GV) call $called$ an Uber home. This (GV) is $was$ the end of our trip and it was a big failure. Hope you (GV) have $had$ (GA) 0 $a$ better holiday. Bye, see you on Monday. 2 Hey Beth! I just arrived home from the airport. The traffic was terrible, ugh! Anyways I don’t rly know if I even told you I was going to Greece…Must’ve slipped my mind. It’s not like I was on some fancy vacation anyways lol. Since grandparents passed, there isn’t anyone who’s able to keep the majestic garden pretty (PW) . $;$ So that’s one reason I flew there. You won’t even believe the disaster I saw. I hope you remember those burgundy roses…Well, they weren’t there! Someone must’ve stolen them. I was really pissed off (PW) . $,$ But at least after that I took the bus to the (FS) cementary $cemetery$ (PR) , $0$ where they rest (PR) , $0$ and everything was the same as when I left. Just had to clean the cross a little bit, but no big deal. Anyways, there’s a huge festival going on right now, so I stayed in Greece for two more days than I (GV) 0 $had$ (LW) firstly $initially$ planned on. I honestly don’t even know what they (GV) celebrated $were celebrating$, but since most of them were wearing some sort of “antique (PM) gods $gods’$ robes”, I guess it had something to do with them. But I don’t remember much (PM) 0 $,$ honestly, ‘cause I was pretty wined up in the evenings :D. But it was great (PM) 0 $,$ overall (PW) , $;$ APPENDIX F: ERROR CATEGORIES B2 166 lots of dancing and music, everyone was friendly. Can’t wait to get back there…This time with you! I hope you won’t let me down on this <3 Take care, A 3 Hey Dick, how you doing (PW) . $?$ (GA) 0 $the$ Last time you were asking me (PR) , $0$ what I (GV) am $was$ doing on my holiday (PW) . $,$ So I’m texting you about this holiday I’ve had. Well on (GA) 0 $the$ 31st (XN) 0 $of$ July I was going on a vacation with my family. We went (XV) on $to$ Mallorca. I must say we waited like two hours (XN) on $at$ (GA) 0 $the$ (FS) Wienna $Vienna$ airport coz our (FS) fligt $flight$ (GV) have been $was$ delayed. (GD) 0 $my$ Dad was angry as hell (PM) 0 $,$ so we went to buy some alcohol. When (GA) 0 $the$ plane finally arrived and we got (FA) onboard $on board$ I was so happy to see Mallorca again. (XN) On $at$ <G> 0 $the$ Mallorca airport (which (WO) is btw $ (PM) 0 $,$ btw (PM) 0 $,$ is$ (GA) 0 $the$ 2nd largest airport in Europe) me and my family went (FS) trough $through$ (GA) 0 $a$ big long (LW) hall $hallway$ and I started laughing. My family was like (PNL) „ $”$ Yo (PM) 0 $,$ what are you doing (PW) . $?$” So I said (PNL) „ $”$Look (PM) 0 $,$ their flight (GV) have $has$ like (GA) 0 $a$ twelve (PM) 0 $-$ (GN) hours $hour$ delay.” After that all of us (GV) start $started$ laughing coz we were glad our plane had only (GA) 0 $a$ two (PM) 0 $-$ (GN) hours $hour$ delay. Then we went to my (G) aunts $aunt’s$ house. (GA) 0 $the$ Next few days I was just chilling on the beach. One day me and my dad went fishing on (GA) 0 $a$ boat with my uncle. Must say we (FS) cought $caught$ (GA) 0 $a$ lot of fish. (GD) 0 $my$ Dad caught a big one (PM) 0 $;$ (GP) she $it$ (LW) had $weighed$ seven to ten kilos (PM) 0 $,$ I don’t remember now. I almost (FS) caugh $caught$ (GA) 0 $a$ swordfish but (GP) he $it$ got away.  On (GA) 0 $the$ way back we (LW) found $spot-ted$ (GA) $a$ whale and two dolphins. That’s all (PM) 0 $,$ have a great weekend dawg. 4 Whatsupp my friend! How (WO) $is it$ its going? I’m not doing well (PR) , $0$ because my holiday really (GV) doesn’t go $isn’t going$ as I planned. First of all, the weather wasn’t really good so I stayed (WO) most of the time in my room $in my room most of the time$. Then after like (XADV) in $0$ three or five days (PM) 0 $,$ I (GV) get $got$ sick, my head (LP) was like a big explosion $felt like it was about to explode$ and my neck was even worse (PR) , $0$ because I (GV) feel $felt$ a lot of pain in my throat when I (GV) swallow $swallowed$ and I hate it. After two days of pain I was starting to heal (GP) my-self $0$ and I (GV) gets $got$ much better. After that (PM) 0 $,$ me and my family really wanted to go (XV) 0 $on$ some trip to (GA) 0 $a$ forest, it was something like (GA) 0 $a$ (PNL) $”$ (FS) healty $health$ walk”, because when I was (GV) lock $locked$ in my room and sick I (WO) really (GV) get $got$ $got really$ sad. You for sure know that feel-ing when you get sick and you (GV) laying $lay$ for two (LW) and $or$ more days in the bed so (GD) you’re $your$ mental (FM) heal $health$ also (GV) go $goes$ down (PM) 0 $.$ (FS) thanks $thank$ God (PW) . $,$ Now (GP) 0 $I$ am (WO) (FS) not finnaly $fi-nally not$ sick at all so I want (WO) you to ask $to ask you$ (PM) 0 $,$ when (GV) 0 APPENDIX F: ERROR CATEGORIES B2 167 $will$ we meet (XV) 0 $up$ (GP) each other $0$? I (GV) didn’t $haven’t$ seen you (XV) for $in$ for so long…  So (PM) 0 $,$ now tell me (PM) 0 $,$ (LW) what $how$ was (GD) you’re $your$ holiday? I really hope you (GV) have $had$ it much better than me…So write or call me soon! Bye! 5 Hey (GN) men $man$, I know it has been (GA) 0 $a$ long time since I wrote you a letter. As always (PM) 0 $,$ I will tell you about my holiday because it is our favourite thing to do. I started my holiday with (GA) 0 $a$ trip to our capital city (PM) 0 $,$ Prague. It was nice because I was finally able to see my long distance friends after so long. We all met at (GA) 0 $the$ main train station, (FS) huged $hugged$ (FA) eachother $each other$ and got something to eat. We (GV) have $0$ bought something to eat and then started shop-ping for food and other things we (GV) will $would$ need for our stay in Prague. When we were finally at the place we were supposed to stay for the night, we started making the meat we bought on the grill. After that we were so full (PM) 0 $,$ we just talked for (LW) another $the next$ 2 hours (FS) untill $until$ it got dark. Then everybody took some wine, beer or other drinks we (GV) $had$ bought and we (GV) have $0$ slowly walked to our favourite spot where we just (GV) drinked $drank$, talked and listened to music we all like. We even met Ceska televize, they asked us if they (GV) can $could$ use us in their report, but we (FA) didnot $did not$ agree (PM) 0 $,$ so they left. 6 Wassap Honza I didn’t (GV) saw $see$ you for (GA) 0 $a$ long time, so I (GV) want $wanted$ to tell you about my last holiday. Last summer I went on holiday to Mallorca. We travelled by (GA) the $0$ plane and that was very tiring because (GA) 0 $the$ (FM) fly $flight$ took about 3 hours. When we arrived (PM) 0 $,$ we went (XV) 0 $to$ find our (FA) suit cases $suitcases$ and (FS) than $then$ (GV) wait $waited$ for the bus. (GA) 0 $the$ Bus took us to the hotel (PM) 0 $,$ and there they registered (FS) aus $us$ and gave us the card for (GA) 0 $the$ hotel room. (GA) 0 $the$ Next day we had (FS) breakfest $breakfast$ and (FS) than $then$ we looked for some interesting monuments and places (WR) where $0$ to go. We (GV) finded $had found$ some cool places before we (LW) took fly $flew$ to Mallorca, but half of (GD) that $those$ places were closed. (GA) 0 $the$ First (WM) 0 $one$ (LW) what $that$ we visited was (GA) 0 $an$ old historical monument on the is-land. (LP) Next $Over the next few$ days we visited (GA) 0 $the$ rest (XN) 0 $of$ (GA) 0 $the$ places that we (GV) choosed $chose$. (LP) Last $Over the last few$ days we went to (GV) spent $spend$ (GD) 0 $some$ time on the beach, enjoy swimming, surfing and things like that. (GA) 0 $the$ Last day we (LW) took $had$ our last breakfast and then we went (XV) 0 $to$ (GV) packed $pack$ (GA) 0 $the$ (FA) suit cases $suitcases$, cleared (GA) 0 $the$ room and waited for the bus. Because our (FM) fly $flight$ (LP) had time $was leaving$ in the evening, we were so sleepy but we did it G! Yea (GA) 0 $the$ (FM) fly $flight$ took (WO) again about 3 hours $about 3 hours again$, but it was much easier to stay (FM) wake up $awake$. So (GD) this $that$ (GV) is $was$ my (WR) last $0$ summer (PM) 0 $,$ (WR) and $0$ what about you? (GV) Had you $Did you have$ (GA) 0 APPENDIX F: ERROR CATEGORIES B2 168 $a$ good holiday (PM) 0 $,$ too? If you write me something about your holiday (PM) 0 $,$ I’ll be happy! (WR) So $0$ see you soon bro! 7 Hello my friend, you asked me about my last holiday. Well (PM) 0 $,$ I would say my holiday was pretty good (PW) . $,$ (LW) Even that $even though$ it was not exactly in (GA) 0 $the$ holiday spirit. You (GV) 0 $are$ probably wondering why. I would say it is (PR) , $0$ because I spent (GA) 0 $a$ part of my holiday at summer schools. (GA) 0 $the$ First summer school I was in (PR) , $0$ was (GA) 0 $an$ IT summer school for girls. (LW) Firstly $at first$ I was kinda scared to go there (PR) , $0$ because I didn’t know anyone (PW) . $,$ So I thought no one (GV) will $would$ talk to me. But in the end I (WO) had really $really had$ fun and I’m happy I went there. But to tell you what (WO) was the school about $the school was about$ (PW) . $;$ We (GV) was $were$ learning about HTML, CSS, and Java Script. But it wasn’t just about (FS) Websites $websites$ (PW) . $,$ We also learned how to make something in InkScape (PW). $0$ Which is used for vector (FM) graphic $graphics$. My (FS) secund $second$ summer school was totally (FS) diferent $different$ than the first one. It is because my second school was (GA) 0 $a$ dance school The school was (LW) more $specifically$ focused on one dance style and that (GV) is $was$ clog-ging. But don’t worry (PM) 0 $,$ it was not just about clogging (PW) , $;$ once a day we had (GA) 0 $a$ dance class where we (GV) was $were$ learning (FS) diferent $different$ styles of dance. Every day we had (LW) another $a different$ dance style. I really (GV) enjoy $enjoyed$ that. (GA) 0 $the$ Last summer school was a little similar to the first one. It was also about IT (PW) . $,$ But I didn’t like it that much. I would say (GV) it’s $it was$ because it looked like it was more for people who already knew something about Py-thon. But that’s okay (PM) 0 $,$ I survived it anyway. ☺ Have a nice day, K 8 Whazzup M8, hope ur doing great. Don’t try to skip this mail just cuz it’s (GADJ) long $longer$ than (GA) 0 $the$ Bible. (WPM) 0 $it is$ Time for (GA) 0 $a$ recap of my sum-mer (I expect yo to send me one too). (GA) 0 $the$ First month was kinda boring, (WPM) 0 $I had$ work during (GA) 0 $the$ week, then (WPM) 0 $I was$ helping (GD) 0 $my$ grandparents on (GA) 0 $the$ weekends, u know how it works. Yet the second month got more interesting. As the summer goes and good vibes flow in the air, people start to (LW) make $throw$ parties either to end in bed with somebody, or just to get wasted and I re-ceived a lot of invites. I guess most of them were accidental (PM) 0 $,$ where (GA) 0 $the$ owner mass sent (FS) invitions $invitations$ to everyone (XN) in $on$ their contact list. U know, like that one (WM) 0 $time$ when you (FS) accidentaly $accidentally$ sent (GA) 0 $a$ meme to your boss instead of me. So I tried (FS) ta $to$ attend most of them (PM) 0 $,$ hoping I (FS) cold $could$ go to all of them, but that was kinda impossible as sometimes (WM) 0 $there$ were two of them at the same time (PW) , $;$ which (GV) is $was$ (GA) 0 $a$ shame (PR) , $0$ that these people know each other (PM) 0 $,$ yet APPENDIX F: ERROR CATEGORIES B2 169 can’t (LW) cooperate $coordinate$ at all. Sometimes watching how some people can’t co-operate and act like children about it is just hella cringe. Parties were mostly 2 (GN) type $types$ (PM) 0 $:$ “yo, we got a swimming pool” or “yo my parents got XXXL size liv-ing room and we got 2 floors”. Drugs, alcohol, girls (GV) 0 $were$ either tossed to (GA) 0 $the$ swimming pool or showered in beer by some ultra wasted dude. I always waited till half of (GA) 0 $the$ people got drunk or high, higher than (GA) 0 $the$ Eiffel (FS) tower $Tower$ and then I started drinking some beer. Most of (GA) 0 $the$ parties were boring (PW) , $...$ but hey, free beer. You (GV) got $get$ the point. So anyway, thanks for (WM) 0 $your$ response in advance. H 9 Hi Philip! How are you? Haven’t heard from you in a while. I had (GA) 0 $a$ very busy holiday this year. Well, the first week was pretty calm (PW) . $,$ But the next 2 weeks were really busy. I and my girlfriend $my girlfriend and I$ went on (GA) 0 $a$ “Grand grandma tour” (PW) . $,$ Where we were visiting both (GD) my $mine$ and my (PM) girlfriends $girl-friend’s$ (GN) family $families$. We enjoyed the first week of this tour. But the other week was so exhausting because we just had enough of our families and (XN) in $at$ the end of this we were glad (GV) we’re $we were$ alone. The next week we were alone in our flat and it was amazing! Usually we live with (GN) ones $one$ or the (PM) others $other’s$ parents. But this time we were our own (LW) lords $bosses$ and we really en-joyed it. We cooked a lot of stuff ourselves and we began to (LW) be $get$ very good at it. We tried (GA) 0 $a$ variety of healthy salads, we (LW) did $made$ our own sushi (PW) . $,$ We even baked two pies! The rest of the holiday was simple (PW) . $;$ I was working $for three weeks$ (XN) in $at$ (GA) 0 $a$ company (PR) , $0$ where my dad works as well, (WO) for three weeks $0$. The company is in (GA) 0 $a$ foreign country, Slovakia. Of course (PM) 0 $,$ because of this job (PM) 0 $,$ me and my girlfriend were separated (PM) 0 $,$ and when it all ended we were relieved that we (GV) can $could$ be together all the time again. How was your holiday? Did you enjoy it? Best wishes, M 10 Hi Mark, What have you been up to lately? How (GV) was $were$ (GA) 0 $the$ rest of the holidays after we parted ways in Marseille? That afternoon I went to a nearby restaurant with Jesse and we ordered some snails. I’ve never had them before (PM) 0 $,$ so I was scared to try them, but in the end they weren’t that bad. (GA) 0 $the$ Next day we had to (GV) woke $wake$ up early since our flight was departing at six fifteen in (GA) 0 $the$ morning. The flight was okay until this baby behind us started crying like halfway through our flight. Luckily for us (PM) 0 $,$ we landed in Brno (XADV) in $0$ less than (GA) 0 $an$ hour after the incident. We took a taxi to Jesse’s house, I helped her (LW) grab $carry$ the bag-gage to her flat and then I went home on foot. Oh (PM) 0 $,$ I almost forgot, that necklace you lost, was it green? Because I found one near our hotel that looked similar to yours. I took it with me so when we see each other (GA) 0 $the$ next time you can look if it’s APPENDIX F: ERROR CATEGORIES B2 170 yours or not. Well anyways after I got home I went straight to sleep. (GA) 0 $the$ Next day it was Thursday I think, I did a bit of work and then went to sleep again. For (GA) 0 $the$ rest of the week I wasn’t really doing much. Actually (PM) 0 $,$ I wasn’t doing much for the rest of the holidays (PW) . $,$ Except (XN) 0 $for$ (GA) 0 $a$ few small trips (PM) 0 $,$ I was just chilling. Anyways (PM) 0 $,$ I hope you’re doing well. Say hello to Mary and your family for me. Haven’t seen them in a long time… Hit me up when you (GV) ’ll be $are$ free after work someday and don’t overdo it with beer. C ya later, D 11 Hi Matt, How are you doing? Sorry for not texting earlier (PM) 0 $,$ I was enjoying holidays. First (PM) 0 $,$ I went to Brazil to see Rio. The flight took a while (PM) 0 $,$ but it was defi-nitely worth (WM) 0 $it$. Rio was beautiful. We had very nice weather too (PM) 0 $,$ so it was even better. We managed to visit Rio while there was some (FS) carneval $carnival$ happening. We even went to the statue of Jesus above the city. When we got back we were at home for (GA) 0 $a$ few days (PM) 0 $,$ resting and getting ready for our next trip (PM) 0 $,$ which was to Egypt. It was insanely hot there. (LW) When $every time$ we went somewhere throughout the day we were almost dying. But we went to see the pyra-mids and they are huge. Can’t believe people managed to build that. Otherwise (PM) 0 $,$ we (GV) spend $spent$ a lot of time either at a pool or seaside because of how hot it was there. So the only possible times you could do anything (GV) was $were$ either early in the morning or late evening. But anyway (PM) 0 $,$ it was fun and (GA) 0 $a$ very nice place. On our way back we had a stop in Rome. We stayed there for (GA) 0 $a$ few days. We walked through the city center. We even got to the (FS) Coloseum $Colosseum$. For dinner we had the best pizza I have ever eaten. One evening there was a football match and no (PM) 0 $,$ we didn’t go there (PM) 0 $,$ but there was like (GA) 0 $a$ (FS) milion $million$ people all of a sudden. So that was kinda crazy but after that we went back home. Anyway (PM) 0 $,$ can’t wait to hear about your holiday. See you soon. 12 Hello Ondra, How are you? How was your holiday? I started my last holiday (XN) with $at$ (GA) 0 $the$ gym and (FS) than $then$ I was with my friends in (GA) 0 $the$ centre of Brno. We talked about (GA) 0 $the$ best school year and about fitness. My friends are very good because I can talk with (GP) they $them$ about anything. After this talk (PM) 0 $,$ we walked (XV) in $around$ Petrov and then we went to (GA) the $a$ (FS) Restaurant $restaurant$. It was (GA) 0 $a$ (LW) Pizza res-taurant $pizzeria$ and we (GV) order $ordered$ pizzas. After (GD) this $these$ good piz-zas I went to my (GD) friend $friend’s$. She is from Russia, (FS) butt $but$ she is my very good friend. We were in (GA) 0 $the$ centre and we (GV) walked $were walking$ and talking about our (FS) lifes $lives$. That was my first day after 9 months at school. APPENDIX F: ERROR CATEGORIES B2 171 (GA) 0 $the$ Next 14 days I was with my friends in the gym or (XN) in $at$ (GA) the $0$ work. After (GD) this $these$ 14 days we (LW) had $got$ (GA) a $an$ idea with my friends $my friends and I got an idea$. We wanted to (LP) see something $go sightseeing$ (PM) 0 $,$ so we (LW) did $made$ (GA) the $a$ plan and then we (LP) started a trip $headed out$. One of these friends is 30 (GN) year $years$ old so we had a car. (GA) 0 $the$ First (LW) break $stop$ was in Olomouc (PM) 0 $,$ we ate something and then we (GV) go $went$ to the largest bridge (XN) on $in$ the world. It was in Jeseniky. It was (GA) 0 $a$ very nice walk (PM) 0 $,$ we saw beautiful nature and (GA) 0 $the$ largest bridge. We walked through (GP) him $it$ but me and one of my friends (GV) has $have$ (WR) got $0$ (GA) 0 $a$ phobia (XN) at $of $ (GD) this $these$ bridges, so we (GV) must $had to$ walk fast through this bridge. After this walk we had (GN) (LW) break $stops$ in Poland and in Olomouc. We had (WO) in Olomouc pizza $pizza in Olomouc$ and then we went back (XV) to $0$ home. After this trip I didn’t do (LW) something $an-ything$ special. So that was my last holiday. (FS) (LW) Godbye $bye$ bro. 13 Hello Kamila, how are you doing? This summer holiday was absolutely crazy and I wanna share it with you! The very first day of my holiday I went to Prague for a big concert in (GA) 0 $the$ O2 arena with my friend! The crowd was absolutely crazy, great atmosphere, lots of mosh pits but the most important part, the performers really killed it! (LW) They $there$ were two, the first of them (GV) is $was$ younger than the other one, but they are (LW) real $actual$ cousins! The concert really made my day and I rank it as one of the best days in my life! (GA) 0 $the$ Next week me and my friends went to (LW) nature $the countryside$, we (GV) had $0$ walked lots of kilometers and I enjoyed that because I think I needed to breathe fresh air at the time, (LP) I had lots of stress $ I was very stressed$ before this day. I (GV) have $0$ spent lots of time at home with my family, we were taking care of our grandmother that has (GD) Alzheimer $Alzheimer’s$. I believe she was happy to be with us because she (GV) (LW) haven’t had met $hasn’t seen$ us for (GA) 0 $a$ long time (WR) before $0$. (XN) In $over$ the next weeks I was hanging out with my friends, but didn’t have any bigger (LW) activity $things$. I am really happy I could (GV) spent $spend$ so much time with you this holiday and I wanna thank you! Tell me how (WO) was your holiday $your holiday was$ and have a nice rest of the day. Best regards, O 14 Hello Thomas, I want (XV) 0 $to$ write (XV) 0 $to$ you about my last holidays. My first day of (FS) holyday $holiday$ was so good, because I finally (WO) well slept $slept well$. I remem-ber calling (WR) with $0$ my friend and playing computer games (XADV) to $until$ (WO) the late night $late at night$. When the call ended, I was still behind (GA) 0 $the$ computer for (GA) 0 $a$ few hours. One late night I was editing (GA) 0 $a$ video and I APPENDIX F: ERROR CATEGORIES B2 172 had a lot of funny ideas because of (GA) 0 $the$ tiredness. By the way (PM) 0 $,$ I started to learn C++ programming language. It is in some ways harder than (GA) 0 $the$ other programming languages, but I am (GA) 0 $a$ calm person and I don’t get angry so (FM) easy $easily$ if something does not work. For example (PM) 0 $,$ I was trying to fix some functionality in my program and finally after five hours I successfully (GV) fix $fixed$ it. In the (FS) middl $middle$ of (GA) 0 $the$ holiday I was staying at my grandma’s house. I (GV) ’ve been $was$ traveling to Brno with her (PR) , $0$ because I wanted to help her with shopping and (FS) carring $carrying$ bags. In the evenings I was going on long walks in town (PR) , $0$ where she lives. When I came back, she made me a dinner. After that I (LP) had mood $was in the mood$ to learn something new, so I found (GA) 0 $a$ (GN) (PM) two hours $two-hour$ long video about car hacking. And I was so excited about this (PR) , $0$ that I bought some radio stuff to understand more. And when I (GV) ’ve $0$ got home I was just playing games or programming like always. So that way my holiday and I hope you tell me about yours. Bye Thomas. 15 Heya Mate! How’s it going? Let me tell ya these holidays were something...One day you are all like (PNL) „ $“$ I don’t want these holidays to end (PW) . $,$“ And the next day you are like (PNL) „ $“$ I’m bored out of my mind!!!“ For me it was mostly fun, going out with friends, trips, playing games, building stronger bonds, you know me! But some days were tough (PW) , $;$ for example (PR) : $0$ one day we went to Slovakia to meet some friends, but you won’t guess what happened! IT STARTED RAINING AND IT CONTINUED THE WHOLE F’IN DAY, and that’s not all! I also found out that my boots were partly broken, so after I returned home my feet hurt a lot. Perfect trip, really…But at least the view from the train was beautiful and that counts…right? Well I know only one thing, NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN. Anyways I want to tell you more (PR) , $0$ be-cause I think there might be something that sparks your (FS) intrest $interest$. You know how we have a problem with long distance friendships? Well that will soon be over! Great news, right? I (LW) discovered (LW) it $this$ $found this out$ only recently, but most of our friends are going to live in Brno starting next year! We won’t have to pay for traveling anymore and we will have more time to spend together! We are already planning a party when the (WM) 0 $day$ comes! U can take that as an invitation. I’m hyped just thinking about it! One day we might even spend Christmas together! Like a family! Welp, that’s all (XADV) from $for$ me. And what have you been doing lately? Any crazy experiences? See ya later pal! T 16 Hi Susan, (GD) 0 $my$ Last holiday was wild. I’ll start from the (FS) begining $beginning$ of my holiday. It was (GA) 0 $the$ last day of school (FS) an $and$ I (GV) look $looked$ (XV) 0 $at$ it like (WPM) 0 $it was$ (GA) 0 $a$ free day because we were doing nothing. I brought my (WO) gaming ultra (FS) pow-erfall $powerful$ $ultra powerful gaming$ laptop with (GA) 0 $an$ extra keyboard and APPENDIX F: ERROR CATEGORIES B2 173 mouse and started playing. Maybe you (GV) ask $are asking$ what I was playing. I was playing DOOM, (WO) this game, I enjoy it soo (FS) match $much$ $I enjoy this game so much$ but sadly (PM) 0 $,$ my teacher (GV) dont $didn’t$ . She told me to turn it off (LW) or $and$ do something productive. So I turned it off because I did not want any problems. But (PM) dont $don’t$ worry I have a friend Steve. We enjoy (WM) 0 $spend-ing$ time with each other because we do crazy stuff. Like (GA) 0 $the$ last time we (GV) ’ve $0$ made (GA) 0 $a$ rocket and (FS) lanched $launched$ it from (GA) 0 $a$ school (FS) playgroud $playground$. It was fast! (WO) (LW) Or $also$ we $we also$ (GV) ’ve $0$ made (GA) 0 $a$ super stinky and loud bomb. We (GV) ’ve done $did$ it (LW) like $so that$ it (GV) goes $went$ brrr. Ha ha ha. After school we went to a shopping mall (PW) , $.$ They have toilettes and (PM) thats $that’s$ exactly what we wanted. So we (GV) ’ve $0$ got out bomb and threw it in there, closed the doors and ran away. The (FS) sond $sound$ from it. Oh my, it was (GA) 0 $a$ symphony. (GA) 0 $the$ Rest of my holi-day was great. I hope we’ll meet (XV) 0 $up$ after your vacation. Have a great vacation. Your best friend M 17 Dear Filip, I spent (LW) my $some$ time in Egypt with my girlfriend and my family. When we ar-rived we (GV) go $went$ (XV) to $for$ (GA) the $a$ dinner. There was a lot of food like beef, chicken, fish and my favourite was (GA) a $0$ sushi. After dinner, we (GV) go $went$ to (GA) the $a$ hotel called (PNL) „ $“$ Grand Hotel”. (GA) 0 $the$ First day we (GV) go $went$ to the beach. I remember it was (GA) 0 $a$ sunny day, but (GA) 0 $the$ sea was too cold for me. So I (GV) decide $decided$ that me and my girlfriend (GV) 0 $would$ (FS) reather $rather$ go to the swimming pool. We (GV) ’ve been $were$ in (GA) 0 $the$ water for 30 minutes. After swimming we (GV) take $took$ a shower. My parents came back after 45 minutes, they also (GV) take $took$ a shower and then we (GV) go $went$ to (GA) the $0$ (FS) luch $lunch$. I didn’t like it because there (GV) was $were$ a lot of vegetables I don’t like (PM) 0 $,$ for example (PM) 0 $,$ tomatoes, (FS) brocoli $broccoli$ and (GP) other $others$. (GA) 0 $the$ Second day we (GV) do $did$ nothing, we (GV) 0 $were$ just chilling in the hotel. (GA) 0 $the$ (FS) Thirth $third$ day we visited (GA) 0 $a$ zoo, there (GV) was $were$ lot of exotic animals like sharks, tur-tles, lions, snakes (PM) 0 $,$ and the most dangerous animal was a (LW) big $great$ white shark, he (GV) (LP) has fifteen meters $was fifteen meters long$. (GA) 0 $the$ Final day we (LW) (GV) go $got$ (XV) to $on$ the plane and arrived home. I hope that (WO) (GA) the $0$ next summer I’m gonna (GV) spent $spend$ with you $I’m gonna spend the next summer with you$. With love D 18 Hi Rostislav I just want to (LW) talk $tell you$ about my holidays and why I was not responding to your e-mails. I was traveling to Madagascar (PW) . $,$ (LW) Where $there$ wasn’t (GD) 0 $any$ signal and that was the reason I was not responding to your e-mails. The traveling APPENDIX F: ERROR CATEGORIES B2 174 was a problem (PM) 0 $;$ I had to travel from Africa to Madagascar by a boat. After the worst travel experience I had (PM) 0 $,$ there was nothing to stop me (XV) to $from$ (GV) have $having$ a good time (XN) on $in$ Madagascar. The main (FS) porpuse $pur-pose$ of why I (GV) am $was$ (LW) here $there$ (GV) is $was$ that I always wanted to (FS) expirience $experience$ a wild jungle. My goal was to walk from (GA) 0 $the$ east coast to (GA) 0 $an$ (FS) abanded $abandoned$ village. That was like (GA) 0 $a$ solid ten kilometers of wild jungle. I would not be able to do it by myself (PM) 0 $,$ I had two experts who helped me. On my journey (WM) 0 $there$ was nothing (FS) dangeros $dan-gerous$ at all but every night I heard some strange noises (PM) 0 $,$ and I did not (LW) meet $run into$ (FS) poisenous $poisonous$ animals like snakes, frogs or spiders and the one I saw wasn’t harmful. When I got to the village everyone was friendly but we (GV) was $were$ not allowed to sleep there. (GA) 0 $the$ Journey back was easy and I man-aged to get back home (FS) safelly $safely$. We can go to the bar sometime and talk about it more if you want. H 19 Hi Peter, I am writing you about my last holiday. At (GA) 0 $the$ (FM) begin $beginning$ (XN) 0 $of$ (GA) 0 $the$ holiday I spent a lot of time on my garden. I have a big garden with many fruit (GN) tree $trees$, so there (GV) is $are$ many things to do. Because (XN) in $0$ this holiday was so hot I went to the lake to swim. I (GV) was $0$ also tried some (GN) waters sport $water sports$ like paddleboarding (LW) or $and$ div-ing. I really enjoyed it. I think you would try it too. (LW) If $when$ I tried to stand on (GA) 0 $the$ paddleboard for (GA) 0 $the$ first time, I fell in the water. It was too diffi-cult to (GV) kept $keep$ (FS) ballance $balance$ for me. After many (GN) fall $falls$ (PR) , $0$ some man (GV) show $showed$ me (PR) , $0$ how to do it. I kept trying and did it. (GA) 0 $the$ Next (GN) holidays $holiday$ I (GV) 0 $am$ going to (FM) continu-ous $continue$ and learn new (FS) trics $tricks$. I was looking for (GD) some $a$ part-time job (PW) . $,$ But I (GV) was $0$ needed some IT or cyber security job for experience. I (GV) fount $found$ one company (GV) call $called$ Axenta, and sent (GP) they $them$ my (LW) biography $CV$. After (GA) 0 $a$ week, they texted me back to come (LP) to talk $for an interview$. I was really (FS) nervios $nervous$. Two days (PR) , $0$ after I (GV) talk $talked$ to them (PR) . $0$ They sent me (GA) 0 $an$ (LW) mail $email$ that I was hired. I was really happy. I spent (GA) 0 $the$ rest of my holiday (XN) in $at$ (GA) 0 $the$ company learning new (FS) thinks $things$ in cyber security and (LW) collecting $gaining$ (FS) expirience $experi-ence$. (WR) And $0$ what (GV) do you did $did you do$ (XN) in $over$ your last holidays? Thanks for your (LW) request $response$. D